Write a NumPy program to repeat elements of an array.
Write a Python function to create and print a list where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 30 (both included).
Write a Python program to remove duplicates from a list of lists.
Write a NumPy program to compute the x and y coordinates for points on a sine curve and plot the points using matplotlib.
Write a Python program to alter a given SQLite table.
Write a Python program to extract specified size of strings from a give list of string values using lambda.
Write a Python program to create Fibonacci series upto n using Lambda.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using Strand sort.
Write a Python program to insert a specified element in a given list after every nth element.
rite a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find the maximum and minimum sale value of the items.
Write a NumPy program to extract upper triangular part of a NumPy matrix.
Write a Python program to find the maximum occurring character in a given string.
Write a Python program to find whether a given number (accept from the user) is even or odd, print out an appropriate message to the user.
Write a NumPy program to create a new vector with 2 consecutive 0 between two values of a given vector.
Write a Python program to count the occurrences of each word in a given sentence.
Write a Python program that accepts a hyphen-separated sequence of words as input and prints the words in a hyphen-separated sequence after sorting them alphabetically.
Write a Pandas program to insert a column at a specific index in a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to remove the last N number of elements from a given list.
Write a Python program to find index position and value of the maximum and minimum values in a given list of numbers using lambda.
Write a NumPy program to find the k smallest values of a given NumPy array.
Write a NumPy program to add one polynomial to another, subtract one polynomial from another, multiply one polynomial by another and divide one polynomial by another.
Write a Python program to check common elements between two given list are in same order or not.
Write a Python program to find numbers divisible by nineteen or thirteen from a list of numbers using Lambda.
Write a NumPy program to multiply two given arrays of same size element-by-element.
Write a Python program to get a list, sorted in increasing order by the last element in each tuple from a given list of non-empty tuples.
Write a Pandas program to replace the missing values with the most frequent values present in each column of a given DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to split an array of 14 elements into 3 arrays, each of which has 2, 4, and 8 elements in the original order.
Write a Python program to create a deep copy of a given dictionary. Use copy.copy
Write a Pandas program to create a subset of a given series based on value and condition.
Write a Python program to get the items from a given list with specific condition.
Write a Python program to read a file line by line store it into a variable.
Write a Python program to get the current value of the recursion limit.
Write a Python program to swap cases of a given string.
Write a Python program to convert an address (like "1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA") into geographic coordinates (like latitude 37.423021 and longitude -122.083739).
Write a Python program to create a datetime from a given timezone-aware datetime using arrow module.
Write a Python program to create a two-dimensional list from given list of lists.
Write a Python program to invert a dictionary with unique hashable values.
Write a NumPy program to access last two columns of a multidimensional columns.
Write a Python program to create Cartesian product of two or more given lists using itertools.
Write a NumPy program to find the first Monday in May 2017.
Write a Python program to get the number of people visiting a U.S. government website right now.
Write a NumPy program to remove the leading and trailing whitespaces of all the elements of a given array.
Write a Python program to find the first repeated character of a given string where the index of first occurrence is smallest.
Write a Python program to create a table and insert some records in that table. Finally selects all rows from the table and display the records.
Write a Pandas program to calculate the number of characters in each word in a given series.
Write a NumPy program to broadcast on different shapes of arrays where p(3,3) + q(3).
Write a Python program to check if a given function returns True for at least one element in the list.
Write a NumPy program to create an array using generator function that generates 15 integers.
Write a Python program to find four elements from a given array of integers whose sum is equal to a given number. The solution set must not contain duplicate quadruplets.
Write a Python program to extract specified size of strings from a give list of string values.
Write a Python program to count the number of times a specific element presents in a deque object.
Write a Pandas program to check the empty values of UFO (unidentified flying object) Dataframe.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to make a gradient color on all the values of the said dataframe.
Write a Python program to find the difference between consecutive numbers in a given list.
Write a Pandas program to extract only words from a given column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to replace hour, minute, day, month, year and timezone with specified value of current datetime using arrow.
Write a Python program that invoke a given function after specific milliseconds.
Write a Pandas program to find and drop the missing values from World alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Python program to print all primes (Sieve_of_Eratosthenes) smaller than or equal to a specified number.
Write a Python program to create non-repeated combinations of Cartesian product of four given list of numbers.
Write a Python program to find the values of length six in a given list using Lambda.
Write a Pandas program to replace NaNs with the value from the previous row or the next row in a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using the merge sort algorithm.
latitude 37.423021 and longitude -122.083739), which you can use to place markers on a map, or position the map.
Write a NumPy program to create an array of ones and an array of zeros.
Write a Python program to find the value of the first element in the given list that satisfies the provided testing function.
Write a Python program to remove duplicates from Dictionary.
Write a Python program to find the list in a list of lists whose sum of elements is the highest.
Write a Python program to get the top stories from Google news.
Write a Python program to check all values are same in a dictionary.
Write a Python program to compare two given lists and find the indices of the values present in both lists.
Write a Python program to create a 24-hour time format (HHMM ) using 4 given digits. Display the latest time and do not use any digit more than once.
Sum a list of numbers. Write a Python program to sum the first number with the second and divide it by 2, then sum the second with the third and divide by 2, and so on.
Write a Python program to test whether all numbers of a list is greater than a certain number.
Write a NumPy program to test whether a given 2D array has null columns or not.
Write a NumPy program to convert angles from degrees to radians for all elements in a given array.
Write a Python program to find all anagrams of a string in a given list of strings using lambda.
rogram to display the name of the most recently added dataset on data.gov.
Write a NumPy program to extract all numbers from a given array which are less and greater than a specified number.
Write a NumPy program to extract second and fourth elements of the second and fourth rows from a given (4x4) array.
Write a NumPy program to split a given array into multiple sub-arrays vertically (row-wise).
Write a Python program to count number of substrings from a given string of lowercase alphabets with exactly k distinct (given) characters.
Write a Python program to create a list reflecting the run-length encoding from a given list of integers or a given list of characters.
Write a Pandas program to check whether only numeric values present in a given column of a DataFrame.
Write a Python program to check if a specific Key and a value exist in a dictionary.
Write a Pandas program to split a given dataset using group by on multiple columns and drop last n rows of from each group.
Write a NumPy program to find point by point distances of a random vector with shape (10,2) representing coordinates.
Write a Python program to create the next bigger number by rearranging the digits of a given number.
Write a Python program to filter a dictionary based on values.
Write a Python program to count the frequency of the elements of a given unordered list.
Write a Pandas program to find out the alcohol consumption details in the year '1987' or '1989' from the world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Python program to count the number of even and odd numbers from a series of numbers.
Write a Python code to send some sort of data in the URL's query string.
Write a Pandas program to split the following dataframe into groups and calculate monthly purchase amount.
Write a Pandas program to add leading zeros to the character column in a pandas series and makes the length of the field to 8 digit.
Write a NumPy program to compute the reciprocal for all elements in a given array.
Write a NumPy program to calculate the QR decomposition of a given matrix.
Write a NumPy program to extract first and second elements of the first and second rows from a given (4x4) array.
Write a Python program to compute sum of digits of a given string.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to make a gradient color mapping on a specified column.
Write a Python program to find the nth Hamming number. User itertools module.
Write a Python program to find the last occurrence of a specified item in a given list.
Write a Python program to convert Python dictionary object (sort by key) to JSON data. Print the object members with indent level 4.
Write a Python program to create the combinations of 3 digit combo.
Write a Python program to create an iterator to get specified number of permutations of elements.
Write a Python function to get a string made of its first three characters of a specified string. If the length of the string is less than 3 then return the original string.
Write a Python program to get hourly datetime between two hours.
Write a Python program to display formatted text (width=50) as output.
Write a Python function to find the maximum and minimum numbers from a sequence of numbers.
Write a Pandas program to create a sequence of durations increasing by an hour.
Write a NumPy program to sort the specified number of elements from beginning of a given array.
Write a Python program to extract year, month, date and time using Lambda.
Write a Python program to find all the common characters in lexicographical order from two given lower case strings. If there are no common letters print "No common characters".
Write a Python program to remove a newline in Python.
Write a Pandas program to extract the column labels, shape and data types of the dataset (titanic.csv).
Write a Pandas program to replace arbitrary values with other values in a given DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to calculate mean across dimension, in a 2D numpy array.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find survival rate by gender, age of the different categories of various classes. Add the fare as a dimension of columns and partition fare column into 2 categories based on the values present in fare columns.
Write a Python program to retrieve the value of the nested key indicated by the given selector list from a dictionary or list.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using Recursive Bubble Sort.
Write a Python program to count the values associated with key in a dictionary.
Write a NumPy program to multiply an array of dimension (2,2,3) by an array with dimensions (2,2).
Write a NumPy program to swap rows and columns of a given array in reverse order.
Write a NumPy program to create an 1-D array of 20 elements. Now create a new array of shape (5, 4) from the said array, then restores the reshaped array into a 1-D array.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Tree sort.
Write a NumPy program to create an element-wise comparison (equal, equal within a tolerance) of two given arrays.
Write a Pandas program to split a given dataframe into groups with multiple aggregations.
Write a NumPy program to find a matrix or vector norm.
Write a Python program to delete the first item from a singly linked list.
Write a Python program to find the difference between two list including duplicate elements. Use collections module.
Write a Python function that takes a positive integer and returns the sum of the cube of all the positive integers smaller than the specified number.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (coalpublic2013.xlsx ) into a Pandas dataframe and find a list of specified customers by name.
Write a Python program to create a new Arrow object, cloned from the current one.
Write a NumPy program to create a 3-D array with ones on a diagonal and zeros elsewhere.
Write a NumPy program to extract first element of the second row and fourth element of fourth row from a given (4x4) array.
Write a Python program to get date and time properties from datetime function using arrow module.
Write a Python program to get the size of a file.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to display bar charts in dataframe on specified columns.
Write a Pandas program to create a graphical analysis of UFO (unidentified flying object) sighted by month.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using Recursive Quick Sort.
Write a Python program to convert timezone from local to utc, utc to local or specified zones.
Write a Python program to find the difference between two list including duplicate elements.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to display the dataframe in Heatmap style.
Write a Python program to remove a tag from a given tree of html document and destroy it and its contents.
Write a Python program to convert a given number (integer) to a list of digits.
rite a Python program that accepts a sequence of lines (blank line to terminate) as input and prints the lines as output (all characters in lower case).
Write a Python program to remove a tag or string from a given tree of html document and replace it with the given tag or string.
Write a Pandas program to extract the unique sentences from a given column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to filter all records where the average consumption of beverages per person from .5 to 2.50 in world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Pandas program to extract elements in the given positional indices along an axis of a dataframe.
Write a Python program to find a pair with highest product from a given array of integers.
Write a Python program to move all zero digits to end of a given list of numbers.
Write a NumPy program to compute cross-correlation of two given arrays.
Write a Python program to get the actual module object for a given object.
Write a Python program to extract the nth element from a given list of tuples using lambda.
Write a NumPy program to add an extra column to a NumPy array.
Write a Python program to calculate the product of a given list of numbers using lambda.
Write a Python program to parse a string representing a time according to a format.
Write a NumPy program to create a random 10x4 array and extract the first five rows of the array and store them into a variable.
Write a Pandas program to find average consumption of wine per person greater than 2 in world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Pandas program to convert Series of lists to one Series.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Time sort.
Write a Python program to convert timezone from local to utc, utc to local or specified zones.
Write a NumPy program to subtract the mean of each row of a given matrix.
Write a NumPy program to test whether two arrays are element-wise equal within a tolerance.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and count the manager wise sale and mean value of sale amount.
Write a Python program to select all the Sundays of a specified year.
Write a Pandas program to print a concise summary of the dataset (titanic.csv).
Write a Python program to create an object for writing and iterate over the rows to print the values.
Write a Python program to remove duplicate dictionary from a given list.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and compute survival totals of all classes along each group.
Write a Python program to remove first specified number of elements from a given list satisfying a condition.
Write a Python program to convert a list of multiple integers into a single integer.
Write a Python program to find the value of the last element in the given list that satisfies the provided testing function.
Write a Python program to change the position of every n-th value with the (n+1)th in a list.
Write a Python program to multiply all the numbers in a given list using lambda.
Write a Python program to remove unwanted characters from a given string.
Write a Python program to compute the average of n
Write a Python program to find the details of a given zip code using Nominatim API and GeoPy package.
Write a NumPy program to insert a space between characters of all the elements of a given array.
Write a Python program to merge some list items in given list using index value.
Write a Python function to check whether a number is perfect or not.
Write a Pandas program to split a given dataset, group by two columns and convert other columns of the dataframe into a dictionary with column header as key.
Write a Python program to find the most common elements and their counts of a specified text.
Write a NumPy program to round array elements to the given number of decimals.
Write a Pandas program to find the index of the first occurrence of the smallest and largest value of a given series.
Write a NumPy program to generate a random number between 0 and 1.
Write a Python program to count number of unique sublists within a given list.
Write a Python program to calculate the time runs (difference between start and current time) of a program.
Write a Python program to concatenate element-wise three given lists.
Write a Python program to delete a specific row from a given SQLite table.
Write a Python program to find the list with maximum and minimum length using lambda.
Write a Python program to convert a given string to camelcase.
Write a Python program to find common items from two lists.
Write a Python program to create a doubly linked list, append some items and iterate through the list (print forward).
Write a NumPy program to rearrange the dimensions of a given array.
Write a Pandas program to create a series of Timestamps from a DataFrame of integer or string columns. Also create a series of Timestamps using specified columns.
Write a Python program to create datetime from integers, floats and strings timestamps using arrow module.
Write a Python program to merge two or more lists into a list of lists, combining elements from each of the input lists based on their positions.
Write a NumPy program to stack arrays in sequence horizontally (column wise).
rite a Python program to find the first repeated word in a given string.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Convert some values to nan values. Write a Pandas program which will highlight the nan values.
Write a Python program to generate a number in a specified range except some specific numbers.
Write a Python program to add to a tag's contents in a given html document.
Write a NumPy program to create an array with 10^3 elements.
Write a NumPy program to suppresses the use of scientific notation for small numbers in NumPy array.
Write a Python program to join adjacent members of a given list.
Write a Python program to compare two unordered lists (not sets).
Write a Pandas program to get the length of the string present of a given column in a DataFrame.
Write a Python program to create a new Arrow object, representing the "floor" of the timespan of the Arrow object in a given timeframe using arrow module. The timeframe can be any datetime property like day, hour, minute.
Write a Python program to cast the provided value as a list if it's not one.
Write a Python program to convert a list of dictionaries into a list of values corresponding to the specified key.
Write a Python program to get the factorial of a non-negative integer.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find survival rate by gender, age wise of various classes.
Write a NumPy program to compute xy, element-wise where x, y are two given arrays.
Write a Python program to search the country name from given state name using Nominatim API and GeoPy package.
Write a Python program to append items from a specified list.
Write a NumPy program to create an array of the integers from 30 to70.
Write a Python function to check whether a number is divisible by another number. Accept two integers values form the user.
Write a NumPy program to generate a matrix product of two arrays.
Write a NumPy program to find elements within range from a given array of numbers.
Write a Pandas program to find which years have all non-zero values and which years have any non-zero values from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Pandas program to generate sequences of fixed-frequency dates and time spans intervals.
Write a Python program to display a number with a comma separator.
Write a NumPy program to convert a given list into an array, then again convert it into a list. Check initial list and final list are equal or not.
Write a Python program to reverse a string.
Write a Pandas program to find integer index of rows with missing data in a given dataframe.
Write a Python program to combine each line from first file with the corresponding line in second file.
Write a Python program to pair up the consecutive elements of a given list.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find survival of both gender and class affected.
Write a Python program to find the maximum and minimum product from the pairs of tuple within a given list.
Write a Python program to interleave multiple lists of the same length. Use itertools module.
Write a NumPy program to extract rows with unequal values (e.g. [1,1,2]) from 10x3 matrix.
Write a Python script that takes input from the user and displays that input back in upper and lower cases.
Write a Python program to find the siblings of tags in a given html document.
Write a Python program to extract and display all the image links from en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Jeffrey_(RAAF_officer).
Write a NumPy program to add a new row to an empty NumPy array.
Write a Python program to find the href of the first <a> tag of a given html document.
Write a Python program to convert an integer to binary keep leading zeros.
Write a Python program to reverse strings in a given list of string values using lambda.
Write a NumPy program to count the frequency of unique values in NumPy array.
Write a NumPy program to calculate the difference between neighboring elements, element-wise, and prepend [0, 0] and append[200] to a given array.
Write a Python program to calculate the area of the sector.
Write a NumPy program to print the full NumPy array, without truncation.
Write a Python program to extract all the text from a given web page.
Write a Python program to convert given a dictionary to a list of tuples.
Write a Pandas program to select rows by filtering on one or more column(s) in a multi-index dataframe.
Write a Python program to find smallest and largest word in a given string.
Write a Python program to find the length of a given dictionary values.
Write a Python program to extract year, month and date value from current datetime using arrow module.
Write a Pandas program to extract words starting with capital words from a given column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to join one or more path components together and split a given path in directory and file.
Write a Python program to randomize the order of the values of an list, returning a new list.
Write a Python program to count the same pair in three given lists.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table with multiple indexes from the data set of titanic.csv.
Write a Python program to get the volume of a sphere with radius 6.
Write a Python program to traverse a given list in reverse order, also print the elements with original index.
Write a NumPy program to create an array of zeros and three column types (integer, float, character).
Write a NumPy program to stack 1-D arrays as row wise.
Write a Pandas program to add 100 days with reporting date of unidentified flying object (UFO).
Write a NumPy program to compute numerical negative value for all elements in a given array.
Write a Python program to sort each sublist of strings in a given list of lists using lambda.
Write a Python program to generate the combinations of n distinct objects taken from the elements of a given list.
Write a Python program to find all index positions of the maximum and minimum values in a given list of numbers.
Write a NumPy program to get the powers of an array values element-wise.
Write a Python program to create a ctime formatted representation of the date and time using arrow module.
Write a NumPy program to create display every element of a NumPy array.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (employee.xlsx ) into a Pandas dataframe and find a list of employees where hire_date> 01-01-07.
Write a NumPy program to create a 2d array with 1 on the border and 0 inside.
Write a NumPy program to get the n largest values of an array.
Write a Python program to find numbers within a given range where every number is divisible by every digit it contains.
Write a Python program to extract h1 tag from example.com.
Write a Python program to remove a specified item using the index from an array.
Write a Python program to sort a given list of lists by length and value using lambda.
Write a Python program to find the index position of the largest value smaller than a given number in a sorted list using Binary Search (bisect).
Write a NumPy program to get a copy of a matrix with the elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed.
Write a Python program which iterates the integers from 1 to 50. For multiples of three print "Fizz" instead of the number and for the multiples of five print "Buzz". For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print "FizzBuzz".
Write a Python program to get a list with n elements removed from the left, right.
Write a Python program to list the tables of given SQLite database file.
Write a Python program to split values into two groups, based on the result of the given filter list.
Write a Python program to store a given dictionary in a json file.
Write a Python program to add two objects if both objects are an integer type.
Write a Python program to count the number of items of a given doubly linked list.
Write a Pandas program to combine the columns of two potentially differently-indexed DataFrames into a single result DataFrame.
Write a Python program to count number of items in a dictionary value that is a list.
Write a Python program to find the elements of a given list of strings that contain specific substring using lambda.
Write a Pandas program to generate holidays between two dates using the US federal holiday calendar.
Write a NumPy program to get all 2D diagonals of a 3D NumPy array.
Write a Python program to solve the Fibonacci sequence using recursion.
Write a NumPy program to access an array by column.
Write a Python program to get the sum of a non-negative integer.
Write a NumPy program to create and display every element of a NumPy array in Fortran order.
Write a Python program to check whether a specified list is sorted or not.
Write a NumPy program to create a 3x3 identity matrix.
Write a Python program to get string representing the date, controlled by an explicit format string.
Write a Python program to remove the first occurrence of a specified element from an array.
Write a Pandas program to extract word mention someone in tweets using @ from the specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to calculate the sum of the positive and negative numbers of a given list of numbers using lambda function.
Write a Pandas program to split the following dataframe into groups, group by month and year based on order date and find the total purchase amount year wise, month wise.
Write a Python code to create a program for Bitonic Sort.
Write a Python program to get the cumulative sum of the elements of a given list.
Write a NumPy program to create an array which looks like below array.
Write a Python program to extract common index elements from more than one given list.
Write a Pandas program to check if a specified value exists in single and multiple column index dataframe.
Write a Python program to count the elements in a list until an element is a tuple.
Write a Pandas program to create a stacked histograms plot of opening, closing, high, low stock prices of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to add a number to each element in a given list of numbers.
Write a Python program to create a multidimensional list (lists of lists) with zeros.
Write a Pandas program to find the positions of numbers that are multiples of 5 of a given series.
Write a Python program to get the n (non-negative integer) copies of the first 2 characters of a given string. Return the n copies of the whole string if the length is less than 2.
Write a NumPy program to partition a given array in a specified position and move all the smaller elements values to the left of the partition, and the remaining values to the right, in arbitrary order (based on random choice).
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find the total sale amount region wise, manager wise, sales man wise where Manager = "Douglas".
Write a Python program to check whether a specified list is sorted or not using lambda.
Write a Python program to rotate a Deque Object specified number (positive) of times.
Write a Python code to send a request to a web page and stop waiting for a response after a given number of seconds. In the event of times out of request, raise Timeout exception.
Write a Python program to create a doubly linked list and print nodes from current position to first node.
Write a Pandas program to convert a specified character column in title case in a given DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to convert given series into a dataframe with its index as another column on the dataframe.
Write a NumPy program to make all the elements of a given string to a numeric string of 5 digits with zeros on its left.
Write a Python program to create a list with the unique values filtered out.
Write a Python program to set a random seed and get a random number between 0 and 1. Use random.random.
Create an array (a) of shape 3, 4, 8 (K=3, J=4, I=8). tidx is an array of the same length as a.shape[1], i.e. contains J = 4 elements where each index denotes which element of K should be chosen.
Write a Pandas program to split a given dataset, group by one column and apply an aggregate function to few columns and another aggregate function to the rest of the columns of the dataframe.
Write a NumPy program (using NumPy) to sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 100.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (coalpublic2013.xlsx ) into a dataframe and find details where "Labor Hours" > 20000.
Write a Python program to iterate a given list cyclically on specific index position.
Write a Pandas program to interpolate the missing values using the Linear Interpolation method in a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to read a random line from a file.
Write a Python program to print the square and cube symbol in the area of a rectangle and volume of a cylinder.
Write a NumPy program compare two given arrays.
Write a Pandas program to split the following given dataframe into groups based on school code and call a specific group with the name of the group.
Write a Python program to compute the sum of digits of each number of a given list of positive integers.
Write a Python program to assess if a file is closed or not.
Write a Python program to interleave two given list into another list randomly.
Given variables x=30 and y=20, write a Python program to print "30+20=50".
Write a Python program to find the characters in a list of strings which occur more than and less than a given number.
Write a NumPy program to add two zeros to the beginning of each element of a given array of string values.
Write a NumPy program to count the occurrence of a specified item in a given NumPy array.
Write a Python program to sort a given positive number in descending/ascending order.
Write a Python program to check whether a string contains all letters of the alphabet.
Write a Python program to delete a specific item from a given doubly linked list.
Write a NumPy program to convert a list and tuple into arrays.
Write a Pandas program to create a plot of distribution of UFO (unidentified flying object) observation time.
Write a NumPy program to find the union of two arrays. Union will return the unique, sorted array of values that are in either of the two input arrays.
Write a Python program to sum all the items in a dictionary.
Write a Python program to find the ration of positive numbers, negative numbers and zeroes in an array of integers.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using the selection sort algorithm.
Write a Python program to interleave multiple lists of the same length.
Write a Python program to combines two or more dictionaries, creating a list of values for each key.
Write a Pandas program to drop a index level from a multi-level column index of a dataframe.
Write a Pandas program to get all the sighting days of the unidentified flying object (ufo) between 1950-10-10 and 1960-10-10.
Write a Python program to make an iterator that drops elements from the iterable as soon as an element is a positive number.
Write a Python program to remove empty lists from a given list of lists.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Cocktail shaker sort.
Write a Python program to check whether a given string contains a capital letter, a lower case letter, a number and a minimum length.
Write a NumPy program to extract first, third and fifth elements of the third and fifth rows from a given (6x6) array.
Write a Python program to check if a given function is a generator or not. Use types.GeneratorType()
Write a Python program to find the string similarity between two given strings.
Write a Python program to convert a pair of values into a sorted unique array.
Write a NumPy program to calculate cumulative sum of the elements along a given axis, sum over rows for each of the 3 columns and sum over columns for each of the 2 rows of a given 3x3 array.
Write a Python program to check multiple keys exists in a dictionary.
Write a Python program to create two strings from a given string. Create the first string using those character which occurs only once and create the second string which consists of multi-time occurring characters in the said string.
Write a Pandas program to check whether only lower case or upper case is present in a given column of a DataFrame.
Write a Python program to find the minimum, maximum value for each tuple position in a given list of tuples.
Write a Python program to convert a given list of strings into list of lists.
Write a Pandas program to print a DataFrame without index.
Write a Python program to display some information about the OS where the script is running.
Write a NumPy program to create a 8x8 matrix and fill it with a checkerboard pattern.
Write a Python program to filter the height and width of students, which are stored in a dictionary.
Write a NumPy program to find the nearest value from a given value in an array.
Write a NumPy program to create a two-dimensional array of specified format.
Write a NumPy program to create an array of 4,5 shape and to reverse the rows of the said array. After reversing 1st row will be 4th and 4th will be 1st, 2nd row will be 3rd row and 3rd row will be 2nd row.
Write a Python program to select a random element from a list, set, dictionary (value) and a file from a directory. Use random.choice()
Write a NumPy program to set zero to lower triangles along the last two axes of a three-dimensional of a given array.
Write a Python program to create a key-value list pairings in a given dictionary.
Write a Python program to generate a random alphabetical character, alphabetical string and alphabetical string of a fixed length. Use random.choice()
Write a NumPy program to calculate cumulative product of the elements along a given axis, sum over rows for each of the 3 columns and product over columns for each of the 2 rows of a given 3x3 array.
Write a Python program to search a date from a given string using arrow module.
Write a Pandas program to create a new DataFrame based on existing series, using specified argument and override the existing columns names.
Write a Python program to create all possible permutations from a given collection of distinct numbers.
Write a Python program to find the maximum and minimum values in a given list of tuples using lambda function.
Write a Python program to append items from inerrable to the end of the array.
Write a Python function that takes a list of words and return the longest word and the length of the longest one.
Write a Python program to configure the rounding to round to the nearest - with ties going towards 0, with ties going away from 0. Use decimal.ROUND_HALF_DOWN, decimal.ROUND_HALF_UP
Write a Python program to access only unique key value of a Python object.
Write a NumPy program to read a CSV data file and store records in an array.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to highlight dataframe's specific columns.
Write a Python function that accepts a string and calculate the number of upper case letters and lower case letters.
Write a Python program to create a list containing the power of said number in bases raised to the corresponding number in the index using Python map.
Write a Pandas program to extract year between 1800 to 2200 from the specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to extract the day name from a specified date. Add 2 days and 1 business day with the specified date.
Write a Python program to read the current line from a given CSV file. Use csv.reader
Write a Python program to read a square matrix from console and print the sum of matrix primary diagonal. Accept the size of the square matrix and elements for each column separated with a space (for every row) as input from the user.
Write a Pandas program to import sheet2 data from a given excel data (employee.xlsx ) into a Pandas dataframe.
Write a NumPy program to convert a given array into bytes, and load it as array.
Write a Pandas program to create a monthly time period and display the list of names in the current local scope.
Write a NumPy program to sort an along the first, last axis of an array.
Write a NumPy program to move the specified axis backwards, until it lies in a given position.
Write a NumPy program to check whether each element of a given array starts with "P".
Write a Pandas program to construct a DataFrame using the MultiIndex levels as the column and index.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to highlight the entire row in Yellow where a specific column value is greater than 0.5.
a href="python-conditional-exercise-15.php" target="_blank">Click me to see the sample solution</a>
Write a NumPy program to create an array with the values 1, 7, 13, 105 and determine the size of the memory occupied by the array.
Write a Python program that accepts an integer (n) and computes the value of n+nn+nnn.
Write a Python program to find a tuple, the smallest second index value from a list of tuples.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to display the dataframe in table style.
Write a NumPy program to convert Pandas dataframe to NumPy array with headers.
Write a NumPy program to calculate 2p for all elements in a given array.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to set dataframe background Color black and font color yellow.
Write a NumPy program to extract first and third elements of the first and third rows from a given (4x4) array.
Write a Python program to sum of three given integers. However, if two values are equal sum will be zero.
Write a Pandas program to sort a MultiIndex of a DataFrame. Also sort on various levels of index.
Write a NumPy program to compute sum of all elements, sum of each column and sum of each row of a given array.
Write a Python program to extract specified number of elements from a given list, which follows each other continuously.
Write a Python program to sort a given list of tuples on specified element.
Write a NumPy program to move axes of an array to new positions. Other axes remain in their original order.
Write a Python program to scramble the letters of string in a given list.
Write a Python program to get the most frequent element in a given list of numbers.
Write a Python program to find the smallest multiple of the first n numbers. Also, display the factors.
Write a NumPy program to copy data from a given array to another array.
Write a Pandas program to split a dataset to group by two columns and then sort the aggregated results within the groups.
Write a Python program to find the indexes of all None items in a given list.
Write a Python program to split a given multiline string into a list of lines.
Write a Python program to write a Python list of lists to a csv file. After writing the CSV file read the CSV file and display the content.
Write a Python program to check whether a given string contains a capital letter, a lower case letter, a number and a minimum length using lambda.
Write a Python program to run an operating system command using the os module.
Write a Pandas program to create a subtotal of "Labor Hours" against MSHA ID from the given excel data (coalpublic2013.xlsx ).
Write a Python program to count the number of rows of a given SQLite table.
Write a Python program to count the frequency of consecutive duplicate elements in a given list of numbers.
Write a NumPy program to convert a given vector of integers to a matrix of binary representation.
Write a NumPy program to create an empty and a full array.
Write a Python program to find all the h2 tags and list the first four from the webpage python.org.
Write a Pandas program to check whether only proper case or title case is present in a given column of a DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to calculate one, two, three business day(s) from a specified date. Also find the next business month end from a specific date.
Write a Pandas program to filter those records where WHO region contains "Ea" substring from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Python program to extract single key-value pair of a dictionary in variables.
Write a Python program to test whether a passed letter is a vowel or not.
Write a Python program to generate groups of five consecutive numbers in a list.
rite a Python program to get the unique enumeration values.
Write a Python program to find the class wise roll number from a tuple-of-tuples.
Write a Python program to generate a list, containing the Fibonacci sequence, up until the nth term.
Write a python program to find the next previous palindrome of a specified number.
Write a Python program to convert true to 1 and false to 0.
Write a Python program to remove specific words from a given list using lambda.
Write a NumPy program to create a 12x12x4 array with random values and extract any array of shape(6,6,3) from the said array.
Write a Pandas program to check the equality of two given series.
Write a NumPy program to compute the factor of a given array by Singular Value Decomposition.
Write a Pandas program to extract a single row, rows and a specific value from a MultiIndex levels DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to calculate the total number of missing values in a DataFrame.
Write a Python program to sum all amicable numbers from 1 to specified numbers.
Write a Python program to remove newline characters from a file.
Write a NumPy program to find the most frequent value in an array.
Write a Python program to find all lower and upper mixed case combinations of a given string.
Write a Pandas program to extract items at given positions of a given series.
Write a Python program to find the nested lists elements, which are present in another list using lambda.
Write a NumPy program to extract all the elements of the first and fourth columns from a given (4x4) array.
Write a Python program to check whether it follows the sequence given in the patterns array.
Write a Python program to create a dictionary of keys x, y, and z where each key has as value a list from 11-20, 21-30, and 31-40 respectively. Access the fifth value of each key from the dictionary.
Write a Pandas program to create a yearly time period from a specified year and display the properties of this period.
Write a Python program to set the indentation of the first line.
Write a NumPy program to reverse an array (first element becomes last).
Write a Python program to display the examination schedule. (extract the date from exam_st_date).
Write a Python program to count number of non-empty substrings of a given string.
Write a Pandas program to change the order of index of a given series.
Write a NumPy program to compute the cross product of two given vectors.
Write a Python program to remove None value from a given list.
Write a Python program to print a nested lists (each list on a new line) using the print() function.
Write a Python program to search a specific item in a given doubly linked list and return true if the item is found otherwise return false.
Write a NumPy program to convert (in sequence depth wise (along third axis)) two 1-D arrays into a 2-D array.
Write a Pandas program to check whether two given words present in a specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to create a dictionary grouping a sequence of key-value pairs into a dictionary of lists. Use collections module.
Write a NumPy program to test element-wise for complex number, real number of a given array. Also test whether a given number is a scalar type or not.
Write a Pandas program to create a time series object with a time zone.
Write a NumPy program to check whether a Numpy array contains a specified row.
Write a NumPy program to check whether the NumPy array is empty or not.
Write a Python program that accepts a comma separated sequence of words as input and prints the unique words in sorted form (alphanumerically).
Write a Python program to set a new value of an item in a singly linked list using index value.
Write a Python program to update a specific column value of a given table and select all rows before and after updating the said table.
Write a Python program to find the k
Write a Pandas program to count year-country wise frequency of reporting dates of unidentified flying object(UFO).
Write a Python program to create an iterator that returns consecutive keys and groups from an iterable.
Write a Python program to remove all the elements of a given deque object.
Write a NumPy program to create an array of 4,5 shape and swap column1 with column4.
Write a Pandas program to create a TimeSeries to display all the Sundays of given year.
Write a Python function that takes a list and returns a new list with unique elements of the first list.
Write a Python program to write a Python dictionary to a csv file. After writing the CSV file read the CSV file and display the content.
Write a Python program to find the indices of elements of a given list, greater than a specified value.
Write a NumPy program to test whether each element of a 1-D array is also present in a second array.
Write a Python program to determine the largest and smallest integers, longs, floats.
Write a Pandas program to extract numbers greater than 940 from the specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to print a long text, convert the string to a list and print all the words and their frequencies.
Write a Pandas program to extract numbers less than 100 from the specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to split the following dataframe into groups and count unique values of 'value' column.
Write a Python program to compute the sum of elements of a given array of integers, use map() function.
Write a Python program to convert a given string into a list of words.
Write a Python program to display a given decimal value in scientific notation. Use decimal.Decimal
Write a Python program to create a list by concatenating a given list which range goes from 1 to n.
Write a Python program to find the index of an item in a specified list.
Write a Pandas program to generate time series combining day and intraday offsets intervals.
Write a Python program to print the following integers with zeros on the left of specified width.
Write a Python program to extract characters from various text files and puts them into a list.
Write a Python program to add two given lists using map and lambda.
Write a Python program to generate and print a list of first and last 5 elements where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 30 (both included).
Write a NumPy program to extract all the rows from a given array where a specific column starts with a given character.
Write a Python program to square the elements of a list using map() function.
Write a Python program to read a file line by line and store it into a list.
Write a Python program to read a file line by line store it into an array.
Write a Python program that takes a text file as input and returns the number of words of a given text file.
Write a Python program for nth Catalan Number.
Write a Python program to get the total length of all values of a given dictionary with string values.
Write a Pandas program to convert 1
Write a Python program to access a function inside a function.
Write a Python program to filter a list of integers using Lambda.
Write a Pandas program to find out the 'WHO region, 'Country', 'Beverage Types' in the year '1986' or '1989' where WHO region is 'Americas' or 'Europe' from the world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Python program to construct a Decimal from a float and a Decimal from a string. Also represent the Decimal value as a tuple. Use decimal.Decimal
Write a Python program to remove all duplicate elements from a given array and returns a new array.
Write a Pandas program to find and replace the missing values in a given DataFrame which do not have any valuable information.
Write a Python program to find the index of the last element in the given list that satisfies the provided testing function.
Write a Python program to iterate over all pairs of consecutive items in a given list.
Write a Python program to create a list with the non-unique values filtered out.
Write a Python program to find the second smallest number in a list.
Write a Python program to create a deque and append few elements to the left and right, then remove some elements from the left, right sides and reverse the deque.
Write a Python program to count float number in a given mixed list using lambda.
Write a NumPy program to compute the histogram of nums against the bins.
Write a Python program to extract numbers from a given string.
Write a Pandas program to partition each of the passengers into four categories based on their age.
Write a NumPy program to fetch all items from a given array of 4,5 shape which are either greater than 6 and a multiple of 3.
Write a Python program to find smallest window that contains all characters of a given string.
Write a Python program to find the years where 25th of December be a Sunday between 2000 and 2150.
Write a Python program to accept a filename from the user and print the extension of that.
Write a NumPy program to save two given arrays into a single file in compressed format (.npz format) and load it.
Write a Python program to swap two sublists in a given list.
Write a Pandas program to convert a specified character column in upper/lower cases in a given DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to stack 1-D arrays as columns wise.
Write a NumPy program to get the lower-triangular L in the Cholesky decomposition of a given array.
Write a Python program to get the unique values in a given list of lists.
Write a NumPy program to compute the condition number of a given matrix.
Write a Python program to create and display all combinations of letters, selecting each letter from a different key in a dictionary.
Write a Pandas program to filter the specified columns and records by range from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a NumPy program to create a new array which is the average of every consecutive triplet of elements of a given array.
Write a Python program to create a new Arrow object, cloned from the current one.
Write a Pandas program to get the length of the integer of a given column in a DataFrame.
Write a Python program to get information about the file pertaining to the file mode. Print the information - ID of device containing file, inode number, protection, number of hard links, user ID of owner, group ID of owner, total size (in bytes), time of last access, time of last modification and time of last status change.
Write a Python program to create a flat list of all the values in a flat dictionary.
rite a Python program to find numbers between 100 and 400 (both included) where each digit of a number is an even number. The numbers obtained should be printed in a comma-separated sequence.
Write a Python program to sort a list of dictionaries using Lambda.
Write a NumPy program to normalize a 3x3 random matrix.
Write a NumPy program to get the qr factorization of a given array.
Write a Python program to print all permutations with given repetition number of characters of a given string.
Write a Python program to test if a variable is a list or tuple or a set.
Write a Python program to get all possible combinations of the elements of a given list using itertools module.
Write a Pandas program to replace NaNs with a single constant value in specified columns in a DataFrame.
Write a Python program to count the occurrences of the items in a given list using lambda.
Write a NumPy program to generate an array of 15 random numbers from a standard normal distribution.
Write a Python program to calculate the sum of the positive integers of n+(n-2)+(n-4)... (until n-x =< 0).
Write a Pandas program to create a horizontal stacked bar plot of opening, closing stock prices of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a Pandas program to create a dataframe indexing by date and time.
Write a Pandas program to create a time series object that has time indexed data. Also select the dates of same year and select the dates between certain dates.
Write a NumPy program to remove the leading whitespaces of all the elements of a given array.
Write a Python program to split a list into different variables.
Write a Python program to find the first two elements of a given list whose sum is equal to a given value. Use itertools module to solve the problem.
Write a Pandas program to create an index labels by using 64-bit integers, using floating-point numbers in a given dataframe.
Write a NumPy program to convert a NumPy array into Python list structure.
Write a Python program to copy of a deque object and verify the shallow copying process.
Write a Python program to create an instance of an OrderedDict using a given dictionary. Sort the dictionary during the creation and print the members of the dictionary in reverse order.
Write a Python program to retrieve the HTML code of the title, its text, and the HTML code of its parent.
Write a Python program to shuffle and print a specified list.
Write a NumPy program to swap columns in a given array.
Write a Pandas program to find out the alcohol consumption details in the year '1986' or '1989' where WHO region is 'Americas' or 'Europe' from the world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a NumPy program to remove a specific column from a given array.
Write a Pandas program convert the first and last character of each word to upper case in each word of a given series.
Write a Python program to replace hour, minute, day, month, year and timezone with specified value of current datetime using arrow.
Write a NumPy program to create a vector of length 5 filled with arbitrary integers from 0 to 10.
Write a Pandas program to insert a column in the sixth position of the said excel sheet and fill it with NaN values.
Write a Pandas program to sort a given Series.
Write a Python program to add two positive integers without using the '+' operator.
Write a Pandas program to create a plot to present the number of unidentified flying object (UFO) reports per year.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Comb sort.
Write a Python program to find maximum difference pair in a given list.
Write a Python program to move the specified number of elements to the end of the given list.
Write a Python program to insert an element at the beginning of a given OrderedDictionary.
Write a Python program to print the following floating numbers upto 2 decimal places.
Write a Python program to extract every first or specified element from a given two-dimensional list.
Write a Python program to get the proleptic Gregorian ordinal of a given date.
Write a Python program to iterate over dictionaries using for loops.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using Stooge sort.
Write a Python program to rearrange positive and negative numbers in a given array using Lambda.
Write a Python program to perform an action if a condition is true.
Write a Python program to find the maximum length of a substring in a given string where all the characters of the substring are same. Use itertools module to solve the problem.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (employee.xlsx ) into a Pandas dataframe and find a list of employees where hire_date between two specific month and year.
Write a Python program to find the list of words that are longer than n from a given list of words.
Write a Python program to generate 26 text files named A.txt, B.txt, and so on up to Z.txt.
Write a NumPy program to split a given text into lines and split the single line into array values.
Write a Numpy program to test whether numpy array is faster than Python list or not.
Write a Python program to insert an element in a given list after every nth position.
Write a NumPy program to create one-dimensional array of single, two and three digit numbers.
Write a NumPy program to create an array of all the even integers from 30 to 70.
Write a Python program to get the symmetric difference between two iterables, without filtering out duplicate values.
Write a Python program to create a file and write some text and rename the file name.
Write a Python program to convert a given string to snake case.
Write a NumPy program to find rows of a given array of shape (8,3) that contain elements of each row of another given array of shape (2,2).
Write a Python program to find a triplet in an array such that the sum is closest to a given number. Return the sum of the three integers.
Write a Python program to display the first and last colors from the following list.
Write a Pandas program to create a plot of Open, High, Low, Close, Adjusted Closing prices and Volume of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to delete a node with the given key in a given Binary search tree (BST).
Write a Python program to generate the running maximum, minimum value of the elements of an iterable.
Write a Pandas program to get the items which are not common of two given series.
Write a Pandas program to filter all columns where all entries present, check which rows and columns has a NaN and finally drop rows with any NaNs from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Pandas program to compute the Euclidean distance between two given series.
Write a Pandas program to convert year and day of year into a single datetime column of a dataframe.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using non-parallelized implementation of odd-even transposition sort.
Write a NumPy program to replace a specific character with another in a given array of string values.
Write a Python program to convert a hexadecimal color code to a tuple of integers corresponding to its RGB components.
Write a Python program to convert a given list of tuples to a list of strings using map function.
Write a Python program to check if the elements of the first list are contained in the second one regardless of order.
Write a Python program to create a histogram from a given list of integers.
Write a Python program that prints each item and its corresponding type from the following list.
Write a Python program to find the index of the first element in the given list that satisfies the provided testing function.
Write a Python program to sort a given dictionary by key.
Write a Python program to chose specified number of colours from three different colours and generate the unique combinations.
Write a Pandas program to Combine two DataFrame objects by filling null values in one DataFrame with non-null values from other DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to multiply a matrix by another matrix of complex numbers and create a new matrix of complex numbers.
Write a Python program to add two strings as they are numbers (Positive integer values). Return a message if the numbers are string.
Write a Python program to insert spaces between words starting with capital letters.
Write a Python program to print the following floating numbers upto 2 decimal places with a sign.
Write a Python program to initialize and fills a list with the specified value.
Write a Python program to convert a given array elements to a height balanced Binary Search Tree (BST).
Write a Pandas program to merge two given datasets using multiple join keys.
Write a Python program to create a deep copy of a given list. Use copy.copy
Write a NumPy program to get the memory usage by NumPy arrays.
Write a Python program to find the first tag with a given attribute value in an html document.
Write a Python program to create a time object with the same hour, minute, second, microsecond and a timestamp representation of the Arrow object, in UTC time.
Write a Python program to swap comma and dot in a string.
Write a Python program to find the shortest distance from a specified character in a given string. Return the shortest distances through a list and use itertools module to solve the problem.
Write a Python program to check whether a file path is a file or a directory.
Write a Python program to create the smallest possible number using the elements of a given list of positive integers.
Write a Python program to count the occurrence of each element of a given list.
Write a NumPy program to extract all the elements of the second and third columns from a given (4x4) array.
Write a Pandas program to check if a day is a business day (weekday) or not.
Write a Python program to get the powerset of a given iterable.
Write a Python program to create a dictionary from a string.
Write a Pandas program to convert a dictionary to a Pandas series.
Write a Python program that accepts a word from the user and reverse it.
Write a NumPy program to find the indices of the maximum and minimum values along the given axis of an array.
Write a Python program to replace a given tag with whatever's inside a given tag.
Write a Python program to map two lists into a dictionary.
Write a Python program to get the length in bytes of one array item in the internal representation.
Write a Pandas program to convert the first column of a DataFrame as a Series.
Write a NumPy program to find the number of rows and columns of a given matrix.
Write a Python program to get all possible two digit letter combinations from a digit (1 to 9) string.
Write a Python function to convert a given string to all uppercase if it contains at least 2 uppercase characters in the first 4 characters.
Write a Python program to split a string on the last occurrence of the delimiter.
Write a Python program to create a flat list of all the keys in a flat dictionary.
Write a NumPy program to compute the inverse of a given matrix.
Write a Python program to calculate the sum of all digits of the base to the specified power.
Write a Python program to start a new process replacing the current process.
Write a Pandas program to swap the cases of a specified character column in a given DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to create an element-wise comparison (greater, greater_equal, less and less_equal) of two given arrays.
Write a Python program to build a list, using an iterator function and an initial seed value.
Write a Python program to remove the K'th element from a given list, print the new list.
Write a Python program to interleave multiple given lists of different lengths.
Write a NumPy program to combine a one and a two dimensional array together and display their elements.
Write a NumPy program to calculate hyperbolic sine, hyperbolic cosine, and hyperbolic tangent for all elements in a given array.
Write a NumPy program to calculate the Euclidean distance.
Write a Pandas program to find the Indexes of missing values in a given DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to print all the values of an array.
Write a Python program to skip the headers of a given CSV file. Use csv.reader
Write a NumPy program to compute pearson product-moment correlation coefficients of two given arrays.
Write a Python program to get the frequency of the tuples in a given list.
Write a NumPy program to make the length of each element 15 of a given array and the string centered / left-justified / right-justified with paddings of _.
Write a NumPy program to find the set difference of two arrays. The set difference will return the sorted, unique values in array1 that are not in array2.
Write a NumPy program to create a vector of size 10 with values ranging from 0 to 1, both excluded.
Write a NumPy program to evaluate Einstein's summation convention of two given multidimensional arrays.
Write a Python program to remove the contents of a tag in a given html document.
Write a Python program to count the number of elements in a list within a specified range.
Write a Python program to concatenate elements of a list.
Write a Python program to access multiple elements of specified index from a given list.
Write a Python program to Zip two given lists of lists.
Write a Pandas program to extract unique reporting dates of unidentified flying object (UFO).
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find survival rate by gender, age of the different categories of various classes.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using Pigeonhole sorting.
Write a Python program to calculate the difference between two iterables, without filtering duplicate values.
Write a Python program to get the number of datasets currently listed on data.gov.
Write a NumPy program to add two arrays A and B of sizes (3,3) and (,3).
Write a Python program to detect the number of local variables declared in a function.
Write a Python program to that takes any number of iterable objects or objects with a length property and returns the longest one.
Write a Python program that multiply each number of given list with a given number using lambda function. Print the result.
Write a Python program to convert list to list of dictionaries.
Write a Python program to round a Decimal value to the nearest multiple of 0.10, unless already an exact multiple of 0.05. Use decimal.Decimal
Write a Pandas program to split the following given dataframe into groups based on school code and cast grouping as a list.
Write a Python program to find the missing number in a given array of numbers between 10 and 20.
Write a Python program to map the values of a list to a dictionary using a function, where the key-value pairs consist of the original value as the key and the result of the function as the value.
Write a Python program to check if there are duplicate values in a given flat list.
Write a Python program to combine two given sorted lists using heapq module.
Write a Python program to find shortest list of values with the keys in a given dictionary.
Write a Python program to check for access to a specified path. Test the existence, readability, writability and executability of the specified path.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Selection sort.
Write a Pandas program to split the following datasets into groups on customer_id to summarize purch_amt and calculate percentage of purch_amt in each group.
Write a Python program to extract a tag or string from a given tree of html document.
Write a Python program to remove consecutive duplicates of a given list.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find the total sale amount region wise, manager wise, sales man wise.
Write a Pandas program to find out the alcohol consumption details in the year '1986' where WHO region is 'Western Pacific' and country is 'VietNam' from the world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Python function that checks whether a passed string is palindrome or not.
Write a Python program to count integer in a given mixed list.
Write a Python program to check if first digit/character of each element in a given list is same or not.
Write a Python program to print four values decimal, octal, hexadecimal (capitalized), binary in a single line of a given integer.
Write a NumPy program to extract third and fourth elements of the first and second rows from a given (4x4) array.
Write a NumPy program to create a record array from a (flat) list of arrays.
Write a Python program to find palindromes in a given list of strings using Lambda.
Write a Python program that reads a CSV file and remove initial spaces, quotes around each entry and the delimiter.
Write a Pandas program to create a bar plot of the trading volume of Alphabet Inc. stock between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to delete all occurrences of a specified character in a given string.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find manager wise, salesman wise total sale and also display the sum of all sale amount at the bottom.
Write a Python program to create a time object with the same hour, minute, second, microsecond and timezone info.
Write a Pandas program to get the items of a given series not present in another given series.
Write a Python program to create a new list dividing two given lists of numbers.
Write a Python program to print the documents (syntax, description etc.) of Python built-in function(s).
Write a Python program to count the even, odd numbers in a given array of integers using Lambda.
Write a Python program to get a datetime or timestamp representation from current datetime.
Write a Python program to check whether lowercase letters exist in a string.
Write a Pandas program to split the following given dataframe into groups based on single column and multiple columns. Find the size of the grouped data.
Write a Python program to create a new JSON file from an existing JSON file.
Write a Python program to move spaces to the front of a given string.
Write a Pandas program to check whether alpha numeric values present in a given column of a DataFrame.
Write a Python program to split a given dictionary of lists into list of dictionaries.
Write a Python program to read specific columns of a given CSV file and print the content of the columns.
Write a Python program to create a list with infinite elements.
Write a NumPy program to select indices satisfying multiple conditions in a NumPy array.
Write a Python program to invert a given dictionary with non-unique hashable values.
Write a NumPy program to create an inner product of two arrays.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find the maximum sale value of the items.
Write a Pandas program to convert index of a given dataframe into a column.
Write a Python program to sum a specific column of a list in a given list of lists.
Write a Python program to add two given lists and find the difference between lists. Use map() function.
Write a Pandas program to create a date range using a startpoint date and a number of periods.
Write a NumPy program to calculate inverse sine, inverse cosine, and inverse tangent for all elements in a given array.
Write a Pandas program to create the mean and standard deviation of the data of a given Series.
Write a Python program to remove duplicates from a list.
Write a Python program to find the latitude and longitude of a given location using Nominatim API and GeoPy package.
Write a Python program to get hourly datetime between two hours.
Write a Python program to sort an unsorted array numbers using Wiggle sort.
Write a NumPy program to compute the inner product of vectors for 1-D arrays (without complex conjugation) and in higher dimension.
Write a Python program to find the pairs of maximum and minimum product from a given list. Use itertools module.
Write a python program to check whether two lists are circularly identical.
Write a NumPy program to create a 4x4 matrix in which 0 and 1 are staggered, with zeros on the main diagonal.
Write a Python program to convert a given list of integers and a tuple of integers in a list of strings.
Write a Python program to retrieve the value of the nested key indicated by the given selector list from a dictionary or list.
Write a Python program to insert tags or strings immediately after specified tags or strings.
Write a Python program to get all values from an enum class.
Write a Python program to create a list of random integers and randomly select multiple items from the said list. Use random.sample()
Write a Python program to find tags by CSS class in a given html document.
Write a Pandas program to create a plot to visualize daily percentage returns of Alphabet Inc. stock price between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to count the most common words in a dictionary.
Write a NumPy program to get the values and indices of the elements that are bigger than 10 in a given array.
Write a Python program that prints all the numbers from 0 to 6 except 3 and 6.
A Python Dictionary contains List as value. Write a Python program to clear the list values in the said dictionary.
Write a Python program to find the maximum and minimum values in a given list within specified index range.
Write a Pandas program to get the positions of items of a given series in another given series.
Write a Python program to count the frequency in a given dictionary.
Write a Python program to insert values to a table from user input.
Write a Python program to find the length of the text of the first <h2> tag of a given html document.
Write a NumPy program to get the number of nonzero elements in an array.
Write a Pandas program to replace more than one value with other values in a given DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to compute the eigenvalues and right eigenvectors of a given square array.
Write a Python program to chunk a given list into n smaller lists.
Write a NumPy program to add a border (filled with 0's) around an existing array.
Write a Python program to create an array contains six integers. Also print all the members of the array.
Write a Python program to check whether all dictionaries in a list are empty or not.
Write a NumPy program to place a specified element in specified time randomly in a specified 2D array.
Write a Python program to read a matrix from console and print the sum for each column. Accept matrix rows, columns and elements for each column separated with a space(for every row) as input from the user.
Write a Pandas program to select consecutive columns and also select rows with Index label 0 to 9 with some columns from world alcohol consumption dataset.
rite a Python class named Rectangle constructed by a length and width and a method which will compute the area of a rectangle.
Write a Pandas program to remove the html tags within the specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to add a vector to each row of a given matrix.
Write a Pandas program to find out the alcohol consumption of a given year from the world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Python program to compute average of two given lists.
Write a NumPy program to create 24 python datetime.datetime objects (single object for every hour), and then put it in a numpy array.
Write a Pandas program to import some excel data (coalpublic2013.xlsx ) skipping first twenty rows into a Pandas dataframe.
Write a Python program to append the same value /a list multiple times to a list/list-of-lists.
Write a NumPy program to replace all elements of NumPy array that are greater than specified array.
Write a Python program to calculate the product of the unique numbers of a given list.
Write a Pandas program to create a heatmap (rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix) for comparison of the top 10 years in which the UFO was sighted vs each Month.
Write a Python program to remove existing indentation from all of the lines in a given text.
Write a Pandas program to import given excel data (employee.xlsx ) into a Pandas dataframe and sort based on multiple given columns.
Write a Pandas program to start index with different value rather than 0 in a given DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to create a bar plot of opening, closing stock prices of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and calculate how many women and men were in a particular cabin class.
Write a Python program to find the maximum and minimum values in a given heterogeneous list.
Write a Pandas program to split a given dataset using group by on specified column into two labels and ranges.
Write a Python program to find common elements in a given list of lists.
Write a Python program to check whether a list contains a sublist.
Write a Python program to count the number of each character of a given text of a text file.
Write a NumPy program to concatenate two 2-dimensional arrays.
Write a Python program to remove None value from a given list using lambda function.
Write a Python program to configure the rounding to round up and round down a given decimal value. Use decimal.Decimal
Write a Python program to find the highest 3 values of corresponding keys in a dictionary.
Write a Pandas program to convert a NumPy array to a Pandas series.
Write a NumPy program to get the number of items, array dimensions, number of array dimensions and the memory size of each element of a given array.
Write a Python program to drop empty Items from a given Dictionary.
Write a Pandas program to stack two given series vertically and horizontally.
Write a NumPy program to create an array which looks like below array.
Write a NumPy program to find common values between two arrays.
Write a Pandas program to extract only number from the specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to download and display the content of robot.txt for en.wikipedia.org.
Write a Python program to calculate the discriminant value.
Write a Python program to compute the sum of non-zero groups (separated by zeros) of a given list of numbers.
Write a Python program to generate all permutations of a list in Python.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted strings using natural sort.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to highlight the maximum value in each column.
Write a Python program to find whether a given array of integers contains any duplicate element. Return true if any value appears at least twice in the said array and return false if every element is distinct.
Write a NumPy program to create a white image of size 512x256.
Write a Python program to find the maximum and minimum values in a given list of tuples.
Write a Python program to find the items starts with specific character from a given list.
Write a Python program to split a given list into two parts where the length of the first part of the list is given.
Write a Python program to check the sum of three elements (each from an array) from three arrays is equal to a target value. Print all those three-element combinations.
Write a Python program to construct an infinite iterator that returns evenly spaced values starting with a specified number and step.
Write a NumPy program to create an array of equal shape and data type of a given array.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to display the dataframe in table style and border around the table and not around the rows.
rite a Python program which accepts a sequence of comma separated 4 digit binary numbers as its input and print the numbers that are divisible by 5 in a comma separated sequence.
Write a Python program to compute the sum of digits of each number of a given list.
Write a Pandas program to print the day after and before a specified date. Also print the days between two given dates.
Write a Pandas program to extract date (format mm-dd-yyyy) from a given column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using the quick sort algorithm.
Write a Python program to check if a given list is strictly increasing or not. Moreover, If removing only one element from the list results in a strictly increasing list, we still consider the list true.
Write a Python program to generate a random color hex, a random alphabetical string, random value between two integers (inclusive) and a random multiple of 7 between 0 and 70. Use random.randint()
Write a Python class which has two methods get_String and print_String. get_String accept a string from the user and print_String print the string in upper case.
Write a Python program to get the Fibonacci series between 0 to 50.
Write a Python program to convert a given dictionary into a list of lists.
Write a NumPy program to create two arrays with shape (300,400, 5), fill values using unsigned integer (0 to 255). Insert a new axis that will appear at the beginning in the expanded array shape. Now combine the said two arrays into one.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find the minimum sale value of the items.
Write a Python program to print all unique values in a dictionary.
Write a Python program to remove key values pairs from a list of dictionaries.
Write a NumPy program to create a 5x5 matrix with row values ranging from 0 to 4.
Write a Python program to find the first appearance of the substring 'not' and 'poor' from a given string, if 'not' follows the 'poor', replace the whole 'not'...'poor' substring with 'good'. Return the resulting string.
Write a Python program to lowercase first n characters in a string.
Write a Python program to find the first duplicate element in a given array of integers. Return -1 If there are no such elements.
Write a Python program to interleave two given list into another list randomly using map() function.
Write a Python program to remove duplicate words from a given string.
Write a Pandas program to get the index of an element of a given Series.
Write a Python program to check if a given string contains an element, which is present in a list.
Write a Python program to insert a list of records into a given SQLite table.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Pancake sort.
Write a Python program to shift last element to first position and first element to last position in a given list.
Write a NumPy program to create a 5x5x5 cube of 1's.
Write a NumPy program to display NumPy array elements of floating values with given precision.
Write a Pandas program to compute the minimum, 25th percentile, median, 75th, and maximum of a given series.
Write a Python program to find the majority element from a given array of size n using Collections module.
Write a Python program to insert a new text within a url in a specified position.
Write a Python program to convert a given list of strings and characters to a single list of characters.
Write a Python program to perform a deep flattens a list.
Write a Python program to insert a given string at the beginning of all items in a list.
Write a Python program to get a datetime or timestamp representation from current datetime.
rite a NumPy program to create a null vector of size 10 and update sixth value to 11.
Write a Python program to concatenate the consecutive numbers in a given string.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using Odd Even Transposition Parallel sort.
Write a NumPy program to rearrange columns of a given NumPy 2D array using given index positions.
Write a Python program to remove a specified dictionary from a given list.
Write a Pandas program to extract only punctuations from the specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to extract all the elements of the second row from a given (4x4) array.
Write a NumPy program to convert cartesian coordinates to polar coordinates of a random 10x2 matrix representing cartesian coordinates.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to highlight the maximum value in last two columns.
Write a Python program to check if all items of a given list of strings is equal to a given string.
Write a Python program to convert the values of RGB components to a hexadecimal color code.
Write a NumPy program to compute the determinant of an array.
Write a Python program to find the first occurrence of a given number in a sorted list using Binary Search (bisect).
Write a Python program to get the frequency of the elements in a list.
Write a Pandas program to count the number of missing values of a specified column in a given DataFrame.
rite a Python program to display the current date and time.
Write a NumPy program to test element-wise of a given array for finiteness (not infinity or not Not a Number), positive or negative infinity, for NaN, for NaT (not a time), for negative infinity, for positive infinity.
Write a NumPy program to sum and compute the product of a NumPy array elements.
Write a Python program to interleave multiple given lists of different lengths using itertools module.
Write a Python program to find the maximum value in a given heterogeneous list using lambda.
Write a NumPy program to find the set exclusive-or of two arrays. Set exclusive-or will return the sorted, unique values that are in only one (not both) of the input arrays.
Write a NumPy program to stack arrays in sequence vertically.
Write a Python program to get the n maximum elements from a given list of numbers.
Write a NumPy program to test element-wise for positive or negative infinity.
Write a Python program to get the difference between a given number and 17, if the number is greater than 17 return double the absolute difference.
Write a NumPy program to remove all rows in a NumPy array that contain non-numeric values.
Write a Pandas program to find the indexes of rows of a specified value of a given column in a DataFrame.
Write a Python program to calculate arc length of an angle.
Write a NumPy program to create a Cartesian product of two arrays into single array of 2D points.
Write a NumPy program to find the missing data in a given array.
Write a Python program to add more number of elements to a deque object from an iterable object.
Write a Python program to print content of elements that contain a specified string of a given web page.
Write a Python program to get an array buffer information.
Write a Python program to count the number of lines in a given CSV file. Use csv.reader
Write a Python program to sort an odd-even sort or odd-even transposition sort.
Write a Python program to display a number in left, right and center aligned of width 10.
Write a Python program to determine whether variable is defined or not.
Write a NumPy program to replace the negative values in a NumPy array with 0.
Write a Pandas program to create a stacked bar plot of opening, closing stock prices of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to find missing and additional values in two lists.
rite a Python program to remove spaces from a given string.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find the region wise Television and Home Theater sold.
Write a Python program to update all the values of a specific column of a given SQLite table.
Write a Python program to swap two variables.
Write a Pandas program to join two dataframes using keys from right dataframe only.
Write a NumPy program to compute the inner product of two given vectors.
Write a Pandas program to calculate all Thursdays between two given days.
Write a Python program to print all permutations of a given string (including duplicates).
Write a Python program to extract values from a given dictionaries and create a list of lists from those values.
Write a NumPy program to calculate the sum of all columns of a 2D NumPy array.
Write a Python program to remove the n
Write a Python program to remove duplicate characters of a given string.
Write a NumPy program to create a record array from a given regular array.
Write a Python program to create a ctime formatted representation of the date and time using arrow module.
Write a Python program to input two integers in a single line.
Write a Python program to find out, if the given number is abundant.
Write a NumPy program to create a random vector of size 10 and sort it.
Write a NumPy program to create to concatenate two given arrays of shape (2, 2) and (2,1).
Write a Python program to find the first repeated character in a given string.
Write a python program to find the longest words.
Write a Python program to display your details like name, age, address in three different lines.
Write a Python program to count the frequency of consecutive duplicate elements in a given list of numbers. Use itertools module.
Write a Python program to get the daylight savings time adjustment using arrow module.
Write a Pandas program to construct a series using the MultiIndex levels as the column and index.
Write a Python program to write dictionaries and a list of dictionaries to a given CSV file. Use csv.reader
Write a Python program to find the first non-repeating character in given string.
Write a Python program to merge more than one dictionary in a single expression.
Write a Python program to shuffle the elements of a given list. Use random.shuffle()
Write a Pandas program to filter those records where WHO region matches with multiple values (Africa, Eastern Mediterranean, Europe) from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Python program to sort a given matrix in ascending order according to the sum of its rows.
Write a Python code to send a request to a web page, and print the JSON value of the response. Also print each key value of the response.
Write a Python program to insert a new item before the second element in an existing array.
Write a NumPy program to save as text a matrix which has in each row 2 float and 1 string at the end.
Write a Python program to check whether multiple variables have the same value.
Write a Python program to write a string to a buffer and retrieve the value written, at the end discard buffer memory.
Write a Python program to copy the contents of a file to another file .
Write a NumPy program to merge three given NumPy arrays of same shape.
Write a NumPy program to interchange two axes of an array.
Write a Python program to decapitalize the first letter of a given string.
Write a Pandas program to select first 2 rows, 2 columns and specific two columns from World alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a NumPy program to compute e
Write a Python program to move the specified number of elements to the start of the given list.
Write a Python program to find and print all li tags of a given web page.
Write a Pandas program to add summation to a row of the given excel file.
Write a Python program to make a chain of function decorators (bold, italic, underline etc.) in Python.
Write a Python program to remove an element from a given list.
Write a Python program to count repeated characters in a string.
Write a Pandas program to check if a specified column starts with a specified string in a DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to replace all the nan (missing values) of a given array with the mean of another array.
Write a Python program to execute a string containing Python code.
Write a Python program to check whether an integer fits in 64 bits.
Write a Python program to calculate the sum of the numbers in a list between the indices of a specified range.
Write a Pandas program to convert year-month string to dates adding a specified day of the month.
Write a NumPy program to convert numpy datetime64 to Timestamp.
Write a Pandas program to rename all and only some of the column names from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Python program to get the n minimum elements from a given list of numbers.
Write a Pandas program to create a dataframe and set a title or name of the index column.
Write a Pandas program to join the two dataframes with matching records from both sides where available.
Write a Python program to create a symbolic link and read it to decide the original file pointed by the link.
Write a Python program to reverse strings in a given list of string values.
Write a Pandas program to convert integer or float epoch times to Timestamp and DatetimeIndex.
Write a Python program to convert more than one list to nested dictionary.
Write a Python program to find a first even and odd number in a given list of numbers.
Write a Python program to sort a list of lists by a given index of the inner list.
Write a Python program to generate a list of numbers in the arithmetic progression starting with the given positive integer and up to the specified limit.
Write a NumPy program to sort an given array by the n
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Bogosort sort.
Write a Python program to create a floating-point representation of the Arrow object, in UTC time using arrow module.
Write a Python program to create a time object with the same hour, minute, second, microsecond and timezone info.
Write a NumPy program to append values to the end of an array.
Write a Python program to convert a string to a list.
Write a Python program to print a specified list after removing the 0th, 4th and 5th elements.
Write a Python program to convert a given string to snake case.
Write a Python program to find common element(s) in a given nested lists.
Write a NumPy program to remove nan values from a given array.
Write a Pandas program to create a plot of adjusted closing prices, thirty days and forty days simple moving average of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a NumPy program to create a 3x4 matrix filled with values from 10 to 21.
Write a NumPy program to extract second and third elements of the second and third rows from a given (4x4) array.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find survival rate by gender on various classes.
Write a NumPy program to calculate percentiles for a sequence or single-dimensional NumPy array.
Write a Python program to break a given list of integers into sets of a given positive number. Return true or false.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using the insertion sort algorithm.
Write a Python program to find the numbers of a given string and store them in a list, display the numbers which are bigger than the length of the list in sorted form. Use lambda function to solve the problem.
Write a Pandas program to merge two given dataframes with different columns.
Write a Pandas program to drop those rows from a given DataFrame in which specific columns have missing values.
Write a Python program to find the difference between elements (n+1th - nth) of a given list of numeric values.
Write a Pandas program to create a time-series from a given list of dates as strings.
Write a Pandas program to convert a series of date strings to a timeseries.
Write a NumPy program to create a 90x30 array filled with random point numbers, increase the number of items (10 edge elements) shown by the print statement.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to highlight the minimum value in each column.
Write a Pandas program to split the following dataframe into groups and calculate quarterly purchase amount.
Write a NumPy program to sort a given array by row and column in ascending order.
Write a Python program that reads a given expression and evaluates it.
Write a NumPy program to create a 10x10 matrix, in which the elements on the borders will be equal to 1, and inside 0.
Write a Python program to pack consecutive duplicates of a given list elements into sublists.
Write a Python program to remove additional spaces in a given list.
Write a NumPy program to compute the 80th percentile for all elements in a given array along the second axis.
Write a NumPy program to multiply a 5x3 matrix by a 3x2 matrix and create a real matrix product.
Write a Pandas program to subtract two timestamps of same time zone or different time zone.
Write a Python program to get the weighted average of two or more numbers.
Write a Python program to form Bigrams of words in a given list of strings.
Write a Python program to delete the last item from a singly linked list.
Write a Pandas program to filter words from a given series that contain atleast two vowels.
Write a Python program to add leading zeroes to a string.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (coalpublic2013.xlsx ) into a dataframe and find details where "Mine Name" starts with "P".
Write a NumPy program to calculate round, floor, ceiling, truncated and round (to the given number of decimals) of the input, element-wise of a given array.
Write a NumPy program to create a vector of length 10 with values evenly distributed between 5 and 50.
Write a Python program to check whether any word in a given sting contains duplicate characrters or not. Return True or False.
Write a Python program to find the maximum and minimum value of the three given lists.
Write a Pandas program to rename names of columns and specific labels of the Main Index of the MultiIndex dataframe.
Write a Pandas program to create a line plot of the historical stock prices of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a NumPy program to join a sequence of arrays along a new axis.
Write a Python program to rotate a given list by specified number of items to the right or left direction.
Write a Python program to get the last part of a string before a specified character.
Write a NumPy program to create a 5x5 array with random values and find the minimum and maximum values.
Write a NumPy program to find the 4th element of a specified array.
Write a Python program to find the list with maximum and minimum length.
Write a Python program to extract and display all the header tags from en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page.
Write a Python program to select an item randomly from a list.
Write a NumPy program to build an array of all combinations of three NumPy arrays.
Write a Python program to count the number of groups of non-zero numbers separated by zeros of a given list of numbers.
Write a Python program to create a copy of its own source code.
Write a Python code to send a request to a web page, and print the response text and content. Also get the raw socket response from the server.
Write a Pandas program to split the following dataframe into groups based on customer id and create a list of order date for each group.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find number of adult male, adult female and children.
Write a Python program to clone or copy a list.
Write a NumPy program to calculate the absolute value element-wise.
Write a NumPy program to check whether each element of a given array is composed of digits only, lower case letters only and upper case letters only.
Write a Pandas program to extract year, month, day, hour, minute, second and weekday from unidentified flying object (UFO) reporting date.
Write a Python program to wrap an element in the specified tag and create the new wrapper.
Write a NumPy program to find unique rows in a NumPy array.
Write a NumPy program to sort a given complex array using the real part first, then the imaginary part.
Write a Pandas program to get a time series with the last working days of each month of a specific year.
Write a Python program to check whether the n-th element exists in a given list.
Write a Pandas program to create a plot of adjusted closing prices, 30 days simple moving average and exponential moving average of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to create a new Arrow object, representing the "ceiling" of the timespan of the Arrow object in a given timeframe using arrow module. The timeframe can be any datetime property like day, hour, minute.
Write a NumPy program to create a 4x4 array with random values, now create a new array from the said array swapping first and last rows.
Write a Python program to create a Beautiful Soup parse tree into a nicely formatted Unicode string, with a separate line for each HTML/XML tag and string.
Write a Python program to find the indexes of all elements in the given list that satisfy the provided testing function.
Write a Pandas program to join the two given dataframes along rows and merge with another dataframe along the common column id.
Write a Pandas program to remove the duplicates from 'WHO region' column of World alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Pandas program to import three datasheets from a given excel data (coalpublic2013.xlsx ) and combine in to a single dataframe.
Write a Python program to create a string representation of the Arrow object, formatted according to a format string.
Write a Python program to get the daylight savings time adjustment using arrow module.
Write a NumPy program to compute the natural logarithm of one plus each element of a given array in floating-point accuracy.
A Python Dictionary contains List as value. Write a Python program to update the list values in the said dictionary.
Write a NumPy program to calculate averages without NaNs along a given array.
Write a Python program to create a dictionary with the unique values of a given list as keys and their frequencies as the values.
Write a Python program to find the most common element of a given list.
Write a python program to access environment variables and value of the environment variable.
Write a Python program to round every number of a given list of numbers and print the total sum multiplied by the length of the list.
Write a Python program to retrieve all descendants of the body tag from a given web page.
Write a Pandas program to capitalize all the string values of specified columns of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to check whether a given datetime is between two dates and times using arrow module.
Write a Python program to get variable unique identification number or string.
Write a Python program to calculate number of days between two dates.
Write a Python program to create a string from two given strings concatenating uncommon characters of the said strings.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find the item wise unit sold.
Write a NumPy program to test whether all elements in an array evaluate to True.
Write a Python program to remove leading zeros from an IP address.
Write a NumPy program to convert specified inputs to arrays with at least one dimension.
Write a Python program to split a given list into specified sized chunks using itertools module.
Write a Python program to find all the link tags and list the first ten from the webpage python.org.
Write a Pandas program to check inequality over the index axis of a given dataframe and a given series.
Write a Python function to get a string made of 4 copies of the last two characters of a specified string (length must be at least 2).
Write a Python program to display vertically each element of a given list, list of lists.
Write a Python program to check if the elements of a given list are unique or not.
Write a Python program to check if a nested list is a subset of another nested list.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (coalpublic2013.xlsx ) into a dataframe and draw a bar plot comparing year, MSHA ID, Production and Labor_hours of first ten records.
Write a NumPy program to add elements in a matrix. If an element in the matrix is 0, we will not add the element below this element.
Write a Python program to get the minimum value of a list, after mapping each element to a value using a given function.
Write a NumPy program to find the number of elements of an array, length of one array element in bytes and total bytes consumed by the elements.
Create two arrays of six elements. Write a NumPy program to count the number of instances of a value occurring in one array on the condition of another array.
Write a Python program to count the number 4 in a given list.
Write a Python script to merge two Python dictionaries.
Write a Pandas program to convert unix/epoch time to a regular time stamp in UTC. Also convert the said timestamp in to a given time zone.
Write a NumPy program to create random vector of size 15 and replace the maximum value by -1.
Write a Python program to generate a random integer between 0 and 6 - excluding 6, random integer between 5 and 10 - excluding 10, random integer between 0 and 10, with a step of 3 and random date between two dates. Use random.randrange()
Write a Pandas program to create a conversion between strings and datetime.
Write a Python program to solve (x + y) * (x + y).
Write a Python program to get 90 days of visits broken down by browser for all sites on data.gov.
Write a Pandas program to extract only phone number from the specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to split a given dataframe into groups and display target column as a list of unique values.
Write a Python program to sort a given matrix in ascending order according to the sum of its rows using lambda.
Write a Python program to group a sequence of key-value pairs into a dictionary of lists.
Write a Pandas program to drop the columns where at least one element is missing in a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to get the maximum and minimum value in a dictionary.
Write a NumPy program to split of an array of shape 4x4 it into two arrays along the second axis.
Write a Pandas program to split a given dataframe into groups and create a new column with count from GroupBy.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find the probability of survival by class, gender, solo boarding and port of embarkation.
Write a Python program to get a string from a given string where all occurrences of its first char have been changed to '$', except the first char itself.
Write a NumPy program to create two arrays of size bigger and smaller than a given array.
Write a Pandas program to find out the records where consumption of beverages per person average >=4 and Beverage Types is Beer, Wine, Spirits from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a NumPy program to create a three-dimension array with shape (300,400,5) and set to a variable. Fill the array elements with values using unsigned integer (0 to 255).
Write a Python program to check a dictionary is empty or not.
Write a NumPy program to count the number of "P" in a given array, element-wise.
Write a Python program to calculate the sum of a list, after mapping each element to a value using the provided function.
Write a Pandas program to create a comparison of the top 10 years in which the UFO was sighted vs each Month.
Write a NumPy program to remove single-dimensional entries from a specified shape.
Write a Python code to send cookies to a given server and access cookies from the response of a server.
Write a Pandas program to split a dataset, group by one column and get mean, min, and max values by group. Using the following dataset find the mean, min, and max values of purchase amount (purch_amt) group by customer id (customer_id).
Write a Python program to sort a tuple by its float element.
Write a NumPy program to get the element-wise remainder of an array of division.
Write a Python program to get string representing the date, controlled by an explicit format string.
Write a Python program to remove a specified column from a given nested list.
Write a Python program to count the frequency of words in a file.
Write a Python program to chunk a given list into smaller lists of a specified size.
Write a NumPy program to create a 4x4 array, now create a new array from the said array swapping first and last, second and third columns.
Write a Python program to create a time object with the same hour, minute, second, microsecond and a timestamp representation of the Arrow object, in UTC time.
Write a Python program to get the proleptic Gregorian ordinal of a given date.
Write a Python program to capitalize first and last letters of each word of a given string.
Write a Python program to find if a given string starts with a given character using Lambda.
Write a Python program to read a given string character by character and compress repeated character by storing the length of those character(s).
Write a NumPy program to create a 3x3x3 array filled with arbitrary values.
Write a Python program to print a variable without spaces between values.
Write a Python function to reverses a string if it's length is a multiple of 4.
Write a NumPy program to convert angles from radians to degrees for all elements in a given array.
Write a NumPy program to extract all the contiguous 4x4 blocks from a given random 12x12 matrix.
Write a Python program to compute the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two positive integers.
Write a NumPy program to change the sign of a given array to that of a given array, element-wise.
Write a Python program to sort a given list of lists by length and value.
Write a Python program to calculate the average value of the numbers in a given tuple of tuples using lambda.
Write a NumPy program to change the dimension of an array.
Write a Pandas program to replace missing white spaces in a given string with the least frequent character.
Write a Pandas program to remove the time zone information from a Time series data.
Write a Python program to print the calendar of a given month and year.
Write a Python program to count the number of lines in a text file.
Write a NumPy program to check element-wise True/False of a given array where signbit is set.
Write a Python program to calculate the sum of three given numbers, if the values are equal then return three times of their sum.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using Patience sorting.
Write a Pandas program to filter those records which not appears in a given list from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and count survival by gender, categories wise age of various classes.
Write a NumPy program to round elements of the array to the nearest integer.
Write a Pandas program to count the missing values in a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to remove all the values except integer values from a given array of mixed values.
Write a Python program to calculate the sum of two lowest negative numbers of a given array of integers.
Write a Python program to convert a given list of lists to a dictionary.
Write a Python program to extract a given number of randomly selected elements from a given list.
Write a Python program to that retrieves an arbitary Wikipedia page of "Python" and creates a list of links on that page.
Write a Python program to alter the owner and the group id of a specified file.
Write a NumPy program to create a two-dimensional array with shape (8,5) of random numbers. Select random numbers from a normal distribution (200,7).
Write a Python program to multiply two integers without using the * operator in python.
Write a Pandas program to extract email from a specified column of string type of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to read a given CSV files with initial spaces after a delimiter and remove those initial spaces.
Write a Pandas program to split a given dataset, group by one column and remove those groups if all the values of a specific columns are not available.
Write a Python program to check whether a string starts with specified characters.
Write a NumPy program to get the largest integer smaller or equal to the division of the inputs.
Write a Python program to calculate the maximum aggregate from the list of tuples (pairs).
Write a NumPy program to create a random array with 1000 elements and compute the average, variance, standard deviation of the array elements.
Write a NumPy program to split array into multiple sub-arrays along the 3rd axis.
Write a NumPy program to change the data type of an array.
Write a NumPy program to Create a 1-D array of 30 evenly spaced elements between 2.5. and 6.5, inclusive.
Write a Pandas program to drop the rows where all elements are missing in a given DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to remove repetitive characters from the specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to remove the specific item from a given list of lists.
Write a Pandas program to convert a given Series to an array.
Write a NumPy program to split the element of a given array with spaces.
Write a Python program to find the item with maximum frequency in a given list.
Write a Python program to check if a given element occurs at least n times in a list.
Write a Python program to find maximum length of consecutive 0's in a given binary string.
Write a python program to find the next smallest palindrome of a specified number.
Write a Python program to generate an infinite cycle of elements from an iterable.
Write a NumPy program to test whether any of the elements of a given array is non-zero.
Write a Python program to get the array size of types unsigned integer and float.
Write a Python program to print the index of the character in a string.
Write a Python program to parse a given CSV string and get the list of lists of string values. Use csv.reader
Write a Pandas program to filter all records starting from the 'Year' column, access every other column from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Pandas program to get the current date, oldest date and number of days between Current date and oldest date of Ufo dataset.
Write a Python program to filter even numbers from a given dictionary values.
Write a Pandas program to split the following dataset using group by on first column and aggregate over multiple lists on second column.
Write a NumPy program to calculate the arithmetic means of corresponding elements of two given arrays of same size.
Write a Python program to count the number of sublists contain a particular element.
Write a NumPy program to create a three-dimension array with shape (3,5,4) and set to a variable.
Write a NumPy program to create random set of rows from 2D array.
Write a Python program to get the difference between two given lists, after applying the provided function to each list element of both.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and calculate number of women and men were in a particular cabin class.
Write a Python program to get a new string from a given string where "Is" has been added to the front. If the given string already begins with "Is" then return the string unchanged.
Write a Python program to remove all elements from a given list present in another list.
Write a Python program to concatenate all elements in a list into a string and return it.
Write a Pandas program to select a specific row of given series/dataframe by integer index.
Write a Python program to check if a function is a user-defined function or not. Use types.FunctionType, types.LambdaType()
Write a Python program to match key values in two dictionaries.
Write a Python program to add a prefix text to all of the lines in a string.
Write a Python program to move a specified element in a given list.
Write a NumPy program to create a 2-D array whose diagonal equals [4, 5, 6, 8] and 0's elsewhere.
Write a Python program to computing square roots using the Babylonian method.
Write a Python program to find  the greatest common divisor (gcd) of two integers.
Write a Pandas program to create a DataFrame using intervals as an index.
Write a NumPy program to divide each row by a vector element.
Write a Python program to print the following 'here document'.
Write a Python program to print the element(s) that has a specified id of a given web page.
Write a Python program to get a string which is n (non-negative integer) copies of a given string.
Write a Python program to split a list based on first character of word.
Write a NumPy program to extract all the elements of the third column from a given (4x4) array.
Write a Python program to format a specified string limiting the length of a string.
Write a Python program to check whether a given string is number or not using Lambda.
Write a Python program to count the number occurrence of a specific character in a string.
Write a NumPy program to create a 1-D array of 20 element spaced evenly on a log scale between 2. and 5., exclusive.
Write a NumPy program to broadcast on different shapes of arrays where a(,3) + b(3).
Write a Python program to configure the rounding to round to the floor, ceiling. Use decimal.ROUND_FLOOR, decimal.ROUND_CEILING
Write a Python program to read and display the content of a given CSV file. Use csv.reader
Write a Python program that will accept the base and height of a triangle and compute the area.
Write a NumPy program to compute the sum of the diagonal element of a given array.
Write a Python program to find three integers which gives the sum of zero in a given array of integers using Binary Search (bisect).
Write a Python program to find the items that are parity outliers in a given list.
Write a Python program to convert an array to an array of machine values and return the bytes representation.
Write a Python program to retrieve children of the html tag from a given web page.
Write a Pandas program to append a list of dictioneries or series to a existing DataFrame and display the combined data.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using shell sort algorithm.
Write a Python NumPy program to compute the weighted average along the specified axis of a given flattened array.
Write a Python program to multiply all the items in a dictionary.
Write a Python program to count number of substrings with same first and last characters of a given string.
Write a Python program to create a list of empty dictionaries.
Write a Python program to test whether a number is within 100 of 1000 or 2000.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using Random Pivot Quick Sort. Picks the random index as the pivot.
Write a NumPy program to compute natural, base 10, and base 2 logarithms for all elements in a given array.
Write a NumPy program to find the roots of the following polynomials.
Write a Python program to generate a float between 0 and 1, inclusive and generate a random float within a specific range. Use random.uniform()
Write a Python program to print number with commas as thousands separators(from right side).
Write a NumPy program to create a 10x4 array filled with random floating point number values with and set the array values with specified precision.
Write a Python program to generate all sublists of a list.
Write a Python program to split a given list into specified sized chunks.
Write a Python program to strip a set of characters from a string.
Write a Python program to find the nested lists elements which are present in another list.
Write a NumPy program to take values from a source array and put them at specified indices of another array.
Write a Python program to create a dictionary grouping a sequence of key-value pairs into a dictionary of lists.
Write a Python program to find files and skip directories of a given directory.
Write a NumPy program to check two random arrays are equal or not.
Write a Python program to find the minimum window in a given string which will contain all the characters of another given string.
Write a Pandas program to get all the sighting days of the unidentified flying object (ufo) which are less than or equal to 40 years (365*40 days).
Write a Python program to get date and time properties from datetime function using arrow module.
Write a Python program to convert a list of characters into a string.
Write a Python program to map the values of a given list to a dictionary using a function, where the key-value pairs consist of the original value as the key and the result of the function as the value.
Write a NumPy program to remove specific elements in a NumPy array.
Write a Pandas program to get the difference (in days) between documented date and reporting date of unidentified flying object (UFO).
Write a Pandas program to check whether alphabetic values present in a given column of a DataFrame.
Write a Python program to convert a given unicode list to a list contains strings.
Write a Python program to round the numbers of a given list, print the minimum and maximum numbers and multiply the numbers by 5. Print the unique numbers in ascending order separated by space.
Write a Python program to get a dictionary from an object's fields.
Write a Python program to find the longest common sub-string from two given strings.
Write a Pandas program to keep the rows with at least 2 NaN values in a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to calculate the value of 'a' to the power 'b'.
Write a Python program to find the factorial of a number using itertools module.
Write a Python program to add 'ing' at the end of a given string (length should be at least 3). If the given string already ends with 'ing' then add 'ly' instead. If the string length of the given string is less than 3, leave it unchanged.
Write a Python program to compute the square of first N Fibonacci numbers, using map function and generate a list of the numbers.
Write a NumPy program to compute an element-wise indication of the sign for all elements in a given array.
Write a Python program to create a naïve (without time zone) datetime representation of the Arrow object.
Write a Python program to extract a list of values from a given list of dictionaries.
a href="#EDITOR">Go to the editor</a>
Write a Python function that takes two lists and returns True if they have at least one common member.
Write a Pandas program to create a stacked histograms plot of opening, closing, high, low stock prices of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates with more bins.
Write a Python program to combine two lists into a dictionary, where the elements of the first one serve as the keys and the elements of the second one serve as the values. The values of the first list need to be unique and hashable.
Write a Python program to replace the last element in a list with another list.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Topological sort.
Write a Pandas program to change the data type of given a column or a Series.
Write a NumPy program to convert a Python dictionary to a NumPy ndarray.
Write a Python program to get the maximum value of a list, after mapping each element to a value using a given function.
Write a Python program to check the priority of the four operators (+, -, *, /).
Write a Python program to wrap a given string into a paragraph of given width.
Write a Python program to count the number of students of individual class.
Write a Python program to get every element that exists in any of the two given lists once, after applying the provided function to each element of both.
Write a Python program to generate permutations of n items in which successive permutations differ from each other by the swapping of any two items.
Write a Python program to get the number of occurrences of a specified element in an array.
Write a Python program to check if a substring presents in a given list of string values.
Write a Python program to print a dictionary line by line.
Write a Python program to create a shallow copy of a given list. Use copy.copy
Write a Python program to extend a list without append.
Write a Python program to create a naïve (without time zone) datetime representation of the Arrow object.
Write a NumPy program to count the lowest index of "P" in a given array, element-wise.
Write a Pandas program to display most frequent value in a given series and replace everything else as 'Other' in the series.
Write a Python program find the common values that appear in two given strings.
Write a Python program to create a 3-tuple ISO year, ISO week number, ISO weekday and an ISO 8601 formatted representation of the date and time.
Write a Python program to count number of occurrences of each value in a given array of non-negative integers.
Write a Python program to get a list of locally installed Python modules.
Write a Python program to find intersection of two given arrays using Lambda.
Write a Python program to combine values in python list of dictionaries.
Write a NumPy program to create a new array of 3*5, filled with 2.
Write a Pandas program to filter all records starting from the 2nd row, access every 5th row from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a NumPy program to check whether the dimensions of two given arrays are same or not.
Write a Pandas program to create a time-series with two index labels and random values. Also print the type of the index.
Write a NumPy program to compute the condition number of a given matrix.
Write a NumPy program to view inputs as arrays with at least two dimensions, three dimensions.
Write a Pandas program to create the todays date.
Write a NumPy program to create a new array of given shape (5,6) and type, filled with zeros.
Write a NumPy program to save a given array to a binary file .
Write a Python program to extract the nth element from a given list of tuples.
Write a NumPy program to create a contiguous flattened array.
Write a Python program to print the first n Lucky Numbers.
Write a Python function to calculate the factorial of a number (a non-negative integer). The function accepts the number as an argument.
Write a Python program to convert a list into a nested dictionary of keys.
Write a Python program to find the second lowest grade of any student(s) from the given names and grades of each student using lists and lambda. Input number of students, names and grades of each student.
Write a Python program to check whether a given datetime is between two dates and times using arrow module.
Write a Python program to convert string element to integer inside a given tuple using lambda.
Write a Pandas program to extract hash attached word from twitter text from the specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to get the index of the first element, which is greater than a specified element using itertools module.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using Timsort.
Write a Python program to check if a given function returns True for at least one element in the list.
Write a Python program to initialize a list containing the numbers in the specified range where start and end are inclusive and the ratio between two terms is step. Returns an error if step equals 1.
Write a Pandas program to create a whole month of dates in daily frequencies. Also find the maximum, minimum timestamp and indexs.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Radix sort.
Write a Pandas program to add some data to an existing Series.
Write a Python program to create a datetime object, converted to the specified timezone using arrow module.
Write a Python program to create a dictionary from two lists without losing duplicate values.
Write a Python program to create a dictionary with the same keys as the given dictionary and values generated by running the given function for each value.
Write a Pandas program to create a plot of stock price and trading volume of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to square and cube every number in a given list of integers using Lambda.
Write a NumPy program to generate a uniform, non-uniform random sample from a given 1-D array with and without replacement.
Write a Python program to use double quotes to display strings.
Write a Python program to get the current memory address and the length in elements of the buffer used to hold an array's contents and also find the size of the memory buffer in bytes.
Write a NumPy program to compute the determinant of a given square array.
Write a Pandas program to split the following dataframe into groups by school code and get mean, min, and max value of age with customized column name for each school.
Write a Python program to filter the height and width of students, which are stored in a dictionary using lambda.
Write a NumPy program to remove the first dimension from a given array of shape (1,3,4).
Write a NumPy program to compute the following polynomial values.
Write a Python program to get the file size of a plain file.
Write a Python program to remove all consecutive duplicates of a given string.
Write a Python program that accept some words and count the number of distinct words. Print the number of distinct words and number of occurrences for each distinct word according to their appearance.
Write a Pandas program to get the average mean of the UFO (unidentified flying object) sighting was reported.
Write a Python program to reverse a given list of lists.
Write a Python program to iterate over two lists simultaneously.
Write a Python program to split a given dictionary of lists into list of dictionaries using map function.
Write a Python program to find the second largest number in a list.
Write a Pandas program to split the following dataframe into groups based on all columns and calculate Groupby value counts on the dataframe.
Write a Python program to sort a list of lists by a given index of the inner list using lambda.
Write a Python program to get all combinations of key-value pairs in a given dictionary.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find the region wise total sale.
Write a Python program to sort a list alphabetically in a dictionary.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using Merge-insertion sort.
Write a NumPy program to save a given array to a text file and load it.
Write a Python program to sum two or more lists, the lengths of the lists may be different.
Write a Python program to create a new Arrow object, representing the "floor" of the timespan of the Arrow object in a given timeframe using arrow module. The timeframe can be any datetime property like day, hour, minute.
Write a Python program to get the third side of right angled triangle from two given sides.
Write a Python function to create the HTML string with tags around the word(s).
Write a Python program to get the least common multiple (LCM) of two positive integers.
Write a Python program to count Uppercase, Lowercase, special character and numeric values in a given string.
Write a Python program to find all the values in a list are greater than a specified number.
Write a Python program to join two given list of lists of same length, element wise.
Write a NumPy program to find indices of elements equal to zero in a NumPy array.
Write a Python program to search a date from a given string using arrow module.
Write a Pandas program to join (left join) the two dataframes using keys from left dataframe only.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Heap sort.
Write a Python program to find the maximum, minimum aggregation pair in given list of integers.
Write a Pandas program to split the following dataset using group by on 'salesman_id' and find the first order date for each group.
Write a Python program to create the largest possible number using the elements of a given list of positive integers.
Write a NumPy program to get the index of a maximum element in a NumPy array along one axis.
Write a Python program to create a localized, humanized representation of a relative difference in time using arrow module.
Write a Python program to get the difference between the two lists.
Write a NumPy program to create an array of 10 zeros,10 ones, 10 fives.
Write a Python program to calculate the difference between the squared sum of first n natural numbers and the sum of squared first n natural numbers.(default value of number=2).
Write a Pandas program to create a stacked histograms plot with more bins of opening, closing, high, low stock prices of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to read a string and interpreting the string as an array of machine values.
Create a 2-dimensional array of size 2 x 3, composed of 4-byte integer elements. Write a NumPy program to find the number of occurrences of a sequence in the said array.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (coalpublic2013.xlsx ) into a dataframe and find a specific MSHA ID.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using the bubble sort algorithm.
Write a NumPy program to get the floor, ceiling and truncated values of the elements of a numpy array.
Write a Python program to check whether a JSON string contains complex object or not.
Write a Python program to remove the characters which have odd index values of a given string.
Write a Python program to configure the rounding to round to the nearest, with ties going to the nearest even integer. Use decimal.ROUND_HALF_EVEN
Write a NumPy program to generate a generic 2D Gaussian-like array.
Write a Python program to calculate the distance between London and New York city.
Write a NumPy program to create a function cube which cubes all the elements of an array.
Write a Python program to reverse words in a string.
Write a Python program to find the specified number of maximum values in a given dictionary.
Write a Python program to iterate over a root level path and print all its sub-directories and files, also loop over specified dirs and files.
Write a Python code to remove all characters except a specified character in a given string.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find number of survivors and average rate grouped by gender and class.
Write a Python program to find all keys in the provided dictionary that have the given value.
Write a NumPy program to find the closest value (to a given scalar) in an array.
Write a Pandas program to split a string of a column of a given DataFrame into multiple columns.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table with multiple indexes from a given excel sheet (Salesdata.xlsx).
Write a Python program which iterates the integers from 1 to a given number and print "Fizz" for multiples of three, print "Buzz" for multiples of five, print "FizzBuzz" for multiples of both three and five using itertools module.
Write a Python program to create a shallow copy of a given dictionary. Use copy.copy
Write a Python program access the index of a list.
Write a Python program to remove sublists from a given list of lists, which contains an element outside a given range.
Write a Python program to create a string representation of the Arrow object, formatted according to a format string.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find survival rate by gender.
Write a Python program to calculate surface volume and area of a sphere.
Write a Python program to convert all the characters in uppercase and lowercase and eliminate duplicate letters from a given sequence. Use map() function.
Write a Python program to create a deque from an existing iterable object.
Write a Pandas program to find the index of a substring of DataFrame with beginning and end position.
Write a Pandas program to check whether only space is present in a given column of a DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to calculate the difference between neighboring elements, element-wise of a given array.
Write a Python program to count characters at same position in a given string (lower and uppercase characters) as in English alphabet.
Write a NumPy program to multiply the values of two given vectors.
Write a Python program to remove duplicate words from a given string use collections module.
Write a NumPy program to test a given array element-wise for finiteness (not infinity or not a Number).
Write a NumPy program to convert a NumPy array of float values to a NumPy array of integer values.
Write a Python program to find the second most repeated word in a given string.
Write a Python program to find the specified number of largest products from two given list, multiplying an element from each list.
Write a Pandas program to extract only non alphanumeric characters from the specified column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (coalpublic2013.xlsx ) into a dataframe and draw a bar plot where each bar will represent one of the top 10 production.
Write a Python program to chose specified number of colours from three different colours and generate all the combinations with repetitions.
Write a Python program to add two given lists of different lengths, start from left.
Write a Pandas program to draw a horizontal and cumulative histograms plot of opening stock prices of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to generate a 3*4*6 3D array whose each element is *.
Write a Python program to group the elements of a given list based on the given function.
Write a Python program to get unique values from a list.
Write a Python program to access a specific item in a singly linked list using index value.
Write a Pandas program to select random number of rows, fraction of random rows from World alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a NumPy program to create a 5x5 zero matrix with elements on the main diagonal equal to 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Write a NumPy program to compute the trigonometric sine, cosine and tangent array of angles given in degrees.
Write a Python program to print the names of all HTML tags of a given web page going through the document tree.
Write a Python program to create a backup of a SQLite database.
Write a Python program to find the dimension of a given matrix.
Write a Python program to find the index position of the last occurrence of a given number in a sorted list using Binary Search (bisect).
Write a Python program to list home directory without absolute path.
Write a Python program to check if two given lists contain the same elements regardless of order.
Write a NumPy program to insert a new axis within a 2-D array.
Write a Python program to print out a set containing all the colors from color_list_1 which are not present in color_list_2.
Write a Python program to read last n lines of a file.
Write a Pandas program to find the sum, mean, max, min value of 'Production (short tons)' column of coalpublic2013.xlsx file.
Write a Pandas program to filter rows based on row numbers ended with 0, like 0, 10, 20, 30 from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Pandas program to split a given dataframe into groups with bin counts.
Write a Pandas program to keep the valid entries of a given DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to create a graphical analysis of UFO (unidentified flying object) Sightings year.
Write a NumPy program to remove the trailing whitespaces of all the elements of a given array.
Write a Python program to calculate the sum of all items of a container (tuple, list, set, dictionary).
Write a NumPy program to test element-wise for NaN of a given array.
Write a NumPy program to find the index of the sliced elements as follows from a given 4x4 array.
Create a dataframe of ten rows, four columns with random values. Write a Pandas program to highlight dataframe's specific columns with different colors.
Write a NumPy program to calculate exp(x) - 1 for all elements in a given array.
Write a Pandas program to count of occurrence of a specified substring in a DataFrame column.
Write a Python program to create a file where all letters of English alphabet are listed by specified number of letters on each line.
Write a Python program to convert a given heterogeneous list of scalars into a string.
Write a Python program to get all possible combinations of the elements of a given list.
Write a NumPy program to combine last element with first element of two given ndarray with different shapes.
Write a Python program to count most and least common characters in a given string.
Write a Python program using Sieve of Eratosthenes method for computing primes upto a specified number.
Write a NumPy program to convert the raw data in an array to a binary string and then create an array.
Write a Python program to remove spaces from dictionary keys.
Write a Python program to sort unsorted numbers using Multi-key quicksort.
Write a Python program to returns sum of all divisors of a number.
Write a Pandas program to plot the volatility over a period of time of Alphabet Inc. stock price between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to create a list reflecting the modified run-length encoding from a given list of integers or a given list of characters.
Write a NumPy program to create a vector with values ranging from 15 to 55 and print all values except the first and last.
Write a Python program to flatten a shallow list.
Write a Python program that will return true if the two given integer values are equal or their sum or difference is 5.
Write a Python program to find the common tuples between two given lists.
Write a Python program to change a given string to a new string where the first and last chars have been exchanged.
Write a Python program to convert a given list of dictionaries into a list of values corresponding to the specified key.
Write a Pandas program to create a time series combining hour and minute.
Write a Python program to format a number with a percentage.
Write a Python program to generate combinations of a given length of given iterable.
Write a Pandas program to find the index of a given substring of a DataFrame column.
Write a NumPy program to get the block-sum (block size is 5x5) from a given array of shape 25x25.
Write a Python program to get the length of an array.
Write a NumPy program to get the magnitude of a vector in NumPy.
Write a Python program to remove words from a given list of strings containing a character or string.
Write a Pandas program to split a dataset, group by one column and get mean, min, and max values by group, also change the column name of the aggregated metric. Using the following dataset find the mean, min, and max values of purchase amount (purch_amt) group by customer id (customer_id).
Write a Python program to check a list is empty or not.
Write a Pandas program to create a scatter plot of the trading volume/stock prices of Alphabet Inc. stock between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to calculate magic square.
Write a Python program to append a list to the second list.
Write a NumPy program to find the real and imaginary parts of an array of complex numbers.
Write a Python program to parse a string representing a time according to a format.
Write a NumPy program to create a new shape to an array without changing its data.
Write a Python program to find the location address of a specified latitude and longitude using Nominatim API and Geopy package.
Write a Python program to flatten a given nested list structure.
Write a Python program to extract the text in the first paragraph tag of a given html document.
Write a Python program to get the index of the first element which is greater than a specified element.
rite a Python program that accepts a string and calculate the number of digits and letters.
Write a NumPy program to create an array of (3, 4) shape, multiply every element value by 3 and display the new array.
Write a NumPy program to convert the values of Centigrade degrees into Fahrenheit degrees. Centigrade values are stored into a NumPy array.
Write a NumPy program to compute the weighted of a given array.
Write a NumPy program to compute the Kronecker product of two given mulitdimension arrays.
Write a Python program to sort a given list of strings(numbers) numerically.
Write a Python program to compute the difference between two lists.
Write a NumPy program to replace all numbers in a given array which is equal, less and greater to a given number.
Write a Python program to split values into two groups, based on the result of the given filtering function.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and check missing values of children.
Write a Python program to sort a list of nested dictionaries.
Write a NumPy program to get the unique elements of an array.
Write a Python program to extract a specified column from a given nested list.
Write a Python program to print the following floating numbers with no decimal places.
Write a Python program to get the key, value and item in a dictionary.
Write a NumPy program to create an array with values ranging from 12 to 38.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and separate the gender according to whether they traveled alone or not to get the probability of survival.
Write a Python program to convert a given list of strings into list of lists using map function.
Write a Python program to get a single string from two given strings, separated by a space and swap the first two characters of each string.
Write a Pandas program to get the day of month, day of year, week number and day of week from a given series of date strings.
Write a Python program to sort a given collection of numbers and its length in ascending order using Recursive Insertion Sort.
Write a NumPy program to create a 11x3 array filled with student information (id, class and name) and shuffle the said array rows starting from 3
Write a Pandas program to get all the sighting years of the unidentified flying object (ufo) and create the year as column.
Write a Python program to remove a key from a dictionary.
Write a Python program to find the occurrences of 10 most common words in a given text.
Write a Python function to get the city, state and country name of a specified latitude and longitude using Nominatim API and Geopy package.
Write a Pandas program to create a period index represent all monthly boundaries of a given year. Also print start and end time for each period object in the said index.
Write a Python program to create a new list taking specific elements from a tuple and convert a string value to integer.
Write a Python program to create a floating-point representation of the Arrow object, in UTC time using arrow module.
Write a NumPy program to compute the line graph of a set of data.
Write a Python program to remove lowercase substrings from a given string.
Write a Python program to count occurrences of a substring in a string.
Write a Python program that reads each row of a given csv file and skip the header of the file. Also print the number of rows and the field names.
Write a Pandas program to set value in a specific cell in a given dataframe using index.
Write a Python program to check whether a page contains a title or not.
Write a Pandas program to generate sequences of fixed-frequency dates and time spans.
Write a Python program to sum of all counts in a collections.
Write a Python program to find the index of a given string at which a given substring starts. If the substring is not found in the given string return 'Not found'.
Write a Pandas program to import three datasheets from a given excel data (employee.xlsx ) into a single dataframe and export the result into new Excel file.
Write a Python program that accept name of given subject and marks. Input number of subjects in first line and subject name,marks separated by a space in next line. Print subject name and marks in order of its first occurrence.
Write a Python program to count the number of strings where the string length is 2 or more and the first and last character are same from a given list of strings.
Write a Pandas program to find the positions of the values neighboured by smaller values on both sides in a given series.
Write a Python program to print the following integers with '*' on the right of specified width.
Write a NumPy program to convert an array to a float type.
Write a Python program to count the same pair in two given lists. use map() function.
Write a Python program to find unique triplets whose three elements gives the sum of zero from an array of n integers.
Write a Python program to write (without writing separate lines between rows) and read a CSV file with specified delimiter. Use csv.reader
Write a Python program to make an iterator that drops elements from the iterable as long as the elements are negative; afterwards, returns every element.
Write a Pandas program to create a hitmap for more information about the distribution of missing values in a given DataFrame.
Write a Pandas program to create a combination from two dataframes where a column id combination appears more than once in both dataframes.
Write a Python program to create a new Arrow object, representing the "ceiling" of the timespan of the Arrow object in a given timeframe using arrow module. The timeframe can be any datetime property like day, hour, minute.
Write a Python program to move all spaces to the front of a given string in single traversal.
Write a Python program to check if all the elements of a list are included in another given list.
Write a NumPy program to create a 3x3 identity matrix, i.e. diagonal elements are 1, the rest are 0.
Write a Python program to create a 3X3 grid with numbers.
Write a Python program that sum the length of the names of a given list of names after removing the names that starts with an lowercase letter. Use lambda function.
Write a Python program to extract year, month and date value from current datetime using arrow module.
Write a Pandas program to create a histograms plot of opening, closing, high, low stock prices of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to list all language names and number of related articles in the order they appear in wikipedia.org.
Write a NumPy program to count the number of dimensions, number of elements and number of bytes for each element in a given array.
Write a Pandas program to find the all the business quarterly begin and end dates of a specified year.
Write a Python program to replace dictionary values with their average.
Write a Python program to convert string values of a given dictionary, into integer/float datatypes.
Write a Python program to remove specific words from a given list.
Write a NumPy program to test equal, not equal, greater equal, greater and less test of all the elements of two given arrays.
Write a Python program to reverse each list in a given list of lists.
Write a Pandas program to compute the autocorrelations of a given numeric series.
Write a NumPy program to split the element of a given array to multiple lines.
Write a Python program to find the text of the first <a> tag of a given html text.
Write a Python program to combine two dictionary adding values for common keys.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (employee.xlsx ) into a Pandas dataframe and to sort the records by the hire_date column.
Write a NumPy program to create a one dimensional array of forty pseudo-randomly generated values. Select random numbers from a uniform distribution between 0 and 1.
Write a NumPy program to convert numpy dtypes to native python types.
Write a Python program to get the every nth element in a given list.
Write a NumPy program to find the number of weekdays in March 2017.
Write a Python program to sort a given mixed list of integers and strings. Numbers must be sorted before strings.
Write a Python program to reverse a string.
Write a Python program to insert an element before each element of a list.
Write a NumPy program to get the row numbers in given array where at least one item is larger than a specified value.
Write a NumPy program to get the indices of the sorted elements of a given array.
Write a Python program to remove all strings from a given list of tuples.
Write a Python program to sort Counter by value.
Write a Python program to remove the parenthesis area in a string.
Write a NumPy program to compute the median of flattened given array.
Write a Python program to convert a given Bytearray to Hexadecimal string.
Write a Python program to calculate the maximum and minimum sum of a sublist in a given list of lists.
Write a Python program to sum of two given integers. However, if the sum is between 15 to 20 it will return 20.
Write a Python program to convert a given decimal number to binary list.
Write a Pandas program to compare the elements of the two Pandas Series.
Write a NumPy program to calculate the Frobenius norm and the condition number of a given array.
Write a Python program to generate all possible permutations of n different objects.
Write a Python program to create a localized, humanized representation of a relative difference in time using arrow module.
Write a NumPy program to create a vector with values from 0 to 20 and change the sign of the numbers in the range from 9 to 15.
Write a NumPy program to create an array using scientific notation numbers. Set the precision value to 6 and print the array.
Write a Pandas program to manipulate and convert date times with timezone information.
Write a Python program to print the even numbers from a given list.
Write a Pandas program to split the following dataframe into groups based on first column and set other column values into a list of values.
Write a Python program to sort one list based on another list containing the desired indexes.
Write a Python script to print a dictionary where the keys are numbers between 1 and 15 (both included) and the values are square of keys.
Write a Python program to check if a given value is a method of a user-defined class. Use types.MethodType()
Write a Python program to generate and print a list except for the first 5 elements, where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 30 (both included).
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (employee.xlsx ) into a Pandas dataframe and find a list of employees of a specified year.
Write a Python program to rotate a Deque Object specified number (negative) of times.
Write a NumPy program to generate inner, outer, and cross products of matrices and vectors.
Write a NumPy program to create a 1-D array going from 0 to 50 and an array from 10 to 50.
Write a Python program to split an iterable and generate iterables specified number of times.
Write a NumPy program to sort the student id with increasing height of the students from given students id and height. Printthe integer indices that describes the sort order by multiple columns and the sorted data.
Write a Python program to get the smallest number from a list.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Cycle sort.
Write a NumPy program to extract all the elements of the first row from a given (4x4) array.
Write a Pandas program to create a histogram to visualize daily return distribution of Alphabet Inc. stock price between two specific dates.
Write a Python program to find tag(s) directly beneath other tag(s) in a given html document.
Write a Python program generate permutations of specified elements, drawn from specified values.
Write a Python program to remove all elements from a given list present in another list using lambda.
Write a NumPy program to shuffle numbers between 0 and 10 (inclusive).
Write a Pandas program to compute difference of differences between consecutive numbers of a given series.
Write a Pandas program to extract the sentences where a specific word is present in a given column of a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to get the size, permissions, owner, device, created, last modified and last accessed date time of a specified path.
Write a NumPy program to test whether any array element along a given axis evaluates to True.
Write a NumPy program to convert 1-D arrays as columns into a 2-D array.
Write a NumPy program to convert a NumPy array into a csv file.
Write a Python function to insert a string in the middle of a string.
Write a Python program to calculate the average of a given list, after mapping each element to a value using the provided function.
Write a Pandas program to create a line plot of the opening, closing stock prices of Alphabet Inc. between two specific dates.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (coalpublic2013.xlsx ) into a dataframe and find all records that include two specific MSHA ID.
Write a Python function that takes a number as a parameter and check the number is prime or not.
Write a Python program to print a dictionary in table format.
Write a Python code to send a request to a web page, and print the information of headers. Also parse these values and print key-value pairs holding various information.
Write a NumPy program to test whether specified values are present in an array.
Write a Python program to define a string containing special characters in various forms.
Write a Python program to create a list taking alternate elements from a given list.
Write a Python program to convert a given list of tuples to a list of strings.
Write a Python program to make two given strings (lower case, may or may not be of the same length) anagrams removing any characters from any of the strings.
Write a Python program to convert JSON encoded data into Python objects.
Write a Python program to extract all the URLs from the webpage python.org that are nested within <li> tags from .
Write a Python program for counting sort.
Write a NumPy program to create a NumPy array of 10 integers from a generator.
Write a Python program to create a 3-tuple ISO year, ISO week number, ISO weekday and an ISO 8601 formatted representation of the date and time.
Write a Python program to get the frequency of the elements in a given list of lists. Use collections module.
Write a Python program to concatenate N strings.
Write a Python program to calculate the harmonic sum of n-1.
Write a Python program to create a given flat list of all the keys in a flat dictionary.
Write a NumPy program to create an array of (3, 4) shape and convert the array elements in smaller chunks.
Write a Python program to test whether a given path exists or not. If the path exist find the filename and directory portion of the said path.
Write a Python program to retrieve the current working directory and change the dir (moving up one).
Write a Pandas program to create a time series using three months frequency.
Write a Pandas program to create a comparison of the top 10 years in which the UFO was sighted vs the hours of the day.
Write a NumPy program to create a 3X4 array using and iterate over it.
Write a NumPy program to calculate average values of two given NumPy arrays.
Write a NumPy program to search the index of a given array in another given array.
Write a Python program to get the frequency of the elements in a given list of lists.
Write a Python program to perform Counter arithmetic and set operations for aggregating results.
Write a Python program to create group of similar items of a given list.
Write a Python program to count and display the vowels of a given text.
Write a Python program to calculate surface volume and area of a cylinder.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find the total sale amount region wise, manager wise.
Write a Python program to sort a list of elements using Gnome sort.
Write a Pandas program to split a given dataframe into groups and list all the keys from the GroupBy object.
Write a Pandas program to join the two dataframes using the common column of both dataframes.
Write a NumPy program to count a given word in each row of a given array of string values.
Write a NumPy program to create an array of 10's with the same shape and type of a given array.
Write a NumPy program to find and store non-zero unique rows in an array after comparing each row with other row in a given matrix.
Write a Python program to print a list of space-separated elements.
Write a Python program to get the top three items in a shop.
Write a Python program to insert an element at a specified position into a given list.
Write a Python program to check if a given function returns True for every element in a list.
Write a Pandas program to calculate the frequency counts of each unique value of a given series.
Write a NumPy program to sort pairs of first name and last name return their indices. (first by last name, then by first name).
Write a Pandas program to split the following datasets into groups on customer id and calculate the number of customers starting with 'C', the list of all products and the difference of maximum purchase amount and minimum purchase amount.
Write a Python program to read a given CSV file as a dictionary.
Write a Pandas program create a series with a PeriodIndex which represents all the calendar month periods in 2029 and 2031. Also print the values for all periods in 2030.
Write a Python program to sort a given list of strings(numbers) numerically using lambda.
Write a Python program to count number of lists in a given list of lists.
Write a Python program to create a datetime object, converted to the specified timezone using arrow module.
Write a Python program to sort each sublist of strings in a given list of lists.
Write a Pandas program to create a Pivot table and find the region wise, item wise unit sold.
Write a Python program to group the elements of a list based on the given function and returns the count of elements in each group.
Write a Python program to find tag(s) beneath other tag(s) in a given html document.
Write a Python program to sort a given mixed list of integers and strings using lambda. Numbers must be sorted before strings.
Write a Python program to decode a run-length encoded given list.
Write a Pandas program to convert given datetime to timestamp.
Write a NumPy program to compute the mean, standard deviation, and variance of a given array along the second axis.
Write a Pandas program to drop the rows where at least one element is missing in a given DataFrame.
Write a NumPy program to find the position of the index of a specified value greater than existing value in NumPy array.
Write a Python program to get a list of elements that exist in both lists, after applying the provided function to each list element of both.
Write a Python program to create datetime from integers, floats and strings timestamps using arrow module.
Write a Python program to insert an item in front of a given doubly linked list.
Write a Python program to select the odd items of a list.
Write a NumPy program to create an array that represents the rank of each item of a given array.
Write a Pandas program to split a dataset to group by two columns and count by each row.
Write a NumPy program to encode all the elements of a given array in cp500 and decode it again.
Write a Python program to find the parent's process id, real user ID of the current process and change real user ID.
Write a Python program to valid a IP address.
Write a Python program to split a list every Nth element.
Write a Python program to add two given lists of different lengths, start from left , using itertools module.
Write a Python program to write a list to a file.
Write a Python program to find the item with maximum occurrences in a given list.
Write a NumPy program to compute the covariance matrix of two given arrays.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (coalpublic2013.xlsx ) into a Pandas dataframe and display the last ten rows.
Write a NumPy program to save a NumPy array to a text file.
Write a Pandas program to import excel data (employee.xlsx ) into a Pandas dataframe and convert the data to use the hire_date as the index.
Write a Python program to create a datetime from a given timezone-aware datetime using arrow module.
Write a NumPy program to extract all the rows to compute the student weight from a given array (student information) where a specific column starts with a given character.
Write a NumPy program to find the memory size of a NumPy array.
Write a Python program to check whether an instance is complex or not.
Write a Python program to print the numbers of a specified list after removing even numbers from it.
Write a Python program to insert tags or strings immediately before specified tags or strings.
Write a Python program to convert an array to an ordinary list with the same items.
Write a Python function to check whether a string is a pangram or not.
Write a Python program to create a new deque with three items and iterate over the deque's elements.
Write a NumPy program to convert a PIL Image into a NumPy array.
Write a Pandas program to create a Timewheel of Hour Vs Year comparison of the top 10 years in which the UFO was sighted.
Write a NumPy program to check whether two arrays are equal (element wise) or not.
Write a Python program to add two given lists of different lengths, start from right.
Write a Python program find the sorted sequence from a set of permutations of a given input.
Write a Pandas program to calculate all the sighting days of the unidentified flying object (ufo) from current date.
Write a Python program to add two given lists of different lengths, start from right , using itertools module.
Write a Pandas program to replace NaNs with median or mean of the specified columns in a given DataFrame.
Write a Python program to change the tag's contents and replace with the given string.
Write a Python program to get the symmetric difference between two lists, after applying the provided function to each list element of both.
Write a NumPy program to collapse a 3-D array into one dimension array.
Write a Python script to generate and print a dictionary that contains a number (between 1 and n) in the form (x, x*x).
Write a Pandas program to find out the records where consumption of beverages per person average >=5 and Beverage Types is Beer from world alcohol consumption dataset.
Write a Python program to a list of all the h1, h2, h3 tags from the webpage python.org.
Write a Python program to print a given doubly linked list in reverse order.
Write a NumPy program to replace "PHP" with "Python" in the element of a given array.
Write a Python program to create multiple lists.
Write a Python program to remove duplicate words from a given list of strings.
Write a Python program to split a variable length string into variables.
br/>
Difference between List comprehension and Lambda in Python
Write a Python program to Convert Snake case to Pascal case
Check whether a Numpy array contains a specified row in Python
Write a Python program to convert Set into Tuple and Tuple into Set
Write a Python datetime to integer timestamp
Different ways to iterate over rows in Pandas Dataframe in Python
Write a Python program to Sort Nested keys by Value
Download Google Image Using Python and Selenium
How to compare two NumPy arrays in Python
Write a Python program to Avoid Last occurrence of delimitter
Get unique values from a column in Pandas DataFrame in Python
GUI to generate and store passwords in SQLite using Python
Write a Python program to How to Concatenate tuples to nested tuples
How to change background color of Tkinter OptionMenu widget in Python
Write a Python program to find common elements in three lists using sets
Write a Python program to Dictionary with maximum count of pairs
Write a Python program to print the Inverted heart pattern
K’th Non-repeating Character in Python using List Comprehension and OrderedDict
Write a Python Set difference to find lost element from a duplicated array
Split a String into columns using regex in pandas DataFrame in Python
Program to check if a string contains any special character in Python
Write a Python program to Tuple XOR operation
Calculate the mean across dimension in a 2D NumPy array in Python
How to Build Web scraping bot in Python
Sorting rows in pandas DataFrame in Python
How to get the indices of the sorted array using NumPy in Python
Write a Python program to Get file id of windows file
Write a Python program to Convert Matrix to dictionary
Write a Python program to Convert a set into dictionary
Write a Python program to Pair elements with Rear element in Matrix Row
Write a Python program to Uppercase Half String
Reshape a pandas DataFrame using stack,unstack and melt method in Python
Write a Python program to Remove keys with Values Greater than K ( Including mixed values )
Write a Python program to Replace duplicate Occurrence in String
Write a Python program to find all the Combinations in the list with the given condition
numpy.inner() in python
How to set the tab size in Text widget in Tkinter in Python
Write a Python Program for Comb Sort
Mapping external values to dataframe values in Pandas in Python
Write a Python program to Filter dictionary values in heterogeneous dictionary
Write a Python program to Split Strings on Prefix Occurrence
Write a Python program to Group dates in K ranges
Write a Python program to Combinations of sum with tuples in tuple list
Plot line graph from NumPy array in Python
Write a Python program to Count the Number of matching characters in a pair of string
Write a Python program to Extract digits from Tuple list
Write a Python program to Count tuples occurrence in list of tuples
Change data type of given numpy array in Python
Write a Python program to Sort Tuples by their Maximum element
Binary Search (bisect) in Python
Student management system in Python
Priority Queue using Queue and Heapdict module in Python
How To Convert Python Dictionary To JSON
Write a Python program to find Indices of Overlapping Substrings
Find the most frequent value in a NumPy array in Python
How to add a border color to a button in Tkinter in Python
Write a Python program to Convert Key-Value list Dictionary to List of Lists
How to move Files and Directories in Python
How to get file creation and modification date or time in Python
Write a Python program to convert unix timestamp string to readable date
Write a Python program to Keys associated with Values in Dictionary
Controlling the Web Browser with Python
Write a Python program to All pair combinations of 2 tuples
Write a Python program to Avoid Spaces in string length
How to create an empty class in Python
Write a Python program to Generate k random dates between two other dates
Write a Python program to Convert List to List of dictionaries
Building an undirected graph and finding shortest path using Dictionaries in Python
Write a Python program to Prefix frequency in string List
Write a Python program to Update each element in tuple list
How to Scrape Multiple Pages of a Website Using Python
Test the given page is found or not on the server Using Python
Write a Python program to Convert List of Lists to Tuple of Tuples
Write a Python program to Numpy dstack() method
Compute the covariance matrix of two given NumPy arrays in Python
Extract punctuation from the specified column of Dataframe using Regex in Python
How to add timestamp to excel file in Python
Defining a Python function at runtime
Find indices of elements equal to zero in a NumPy array in Python
Getting all CSV files from a directory using Python
numpy.where() in Python
Write a Python program to Multiple indices Replace in String
Automate Youtube with Python
Write a Python program to Intersection in Tuple Records Data
Create a pandas column using for loop in Python
Create a Pandas DataFrame from List of Dicts in Python
How to keep old content when Writing to Files in Python
Convert String to Set in Python
Create a Numpy array filled with all zeros | Python
Write a Python program to Replace words from Dictionary
Write a Python program to print negative numbers in a list
Write a Python program to Find all duplicate characters in string
Write a Python program to Records with Value at K index
Write a Python program to convert tuple into list by adding the given string after every element
numpy matrix operations | randn() function in Python
How to scroll down followers popup in Instagram  in Python
Write a Python program to Tuple List intersection (Order irrespective)
Write a Python Library for Linked List
Write a Python program to convert any base to decimal by using int() method
How to create filename containing date or time in Python
Write a Python program to Replace NaN values with average of columns
Write a Python program to String till Substring
Find the number of occurrences of a sequence in a NumPy array in Python
Write a Python program to Remove substring list from String
numpy.random.geometric() in Python
numpy.trim_zeros() in Python
Write a Python program to Numpy matrix.take()
What is a clean, Pythonic way to have multiple constructors in Python
Implementation of XOR Linked List in Python
Write a Python program to Check for URL in a String
How to Calculate the determinant of a matrix using NumPy in Python
Replace values in Pandas dataframe using regex in Python
Write a Python program to Factors Frequency Dictionary
Write a Python program to Convert Integer Matrix to String Matrix
Write a Python program to find smallest number in a list
How to Change Tkinter LableFrame Border Color in Python
Write a Python program to Filter the List of String whose index in second List contaons the given Substring
Write a Python program to count positive and negative numbers in a list
How to count unique values inside a list in Python
Find the length of each string element in the Numpy array in Python
Write a Python dictionary with keys having multiple inputs
How to choose elements from the list with different probability using NumPy in Python
Write a Python program to Words Frequency in String Shorthands
Write a Python program to Count the frequency of matrix row length
Find the average of an unknown number of inputs in Python
Get row numbers of NumPy array having element larger than X in Python
Write a Python program to get all subsets of given size of a set
Write a Python program to find uncommon words from two Strings
Creating a Pandas dataframe using list of tuples in Python
How to get the floor, ceiling and truncated values of the elements of a numpy array in Python
How to iterate over files in directory using Python
Write a Python program to Elementwise AND in tuples
Write a Python program to Remove Tuples from the List having every element as None
Convert nested JSON to CSV in Python
numpy.squeeze() in Python
Write a Python program to Program to accept the strings which contains all vowels
Write a Python program to Extract Unique values dictionary values
Write a Python program to find Tuples with positive elements in List of tuples
Replace NumPy array elements that doesn’t satisfy the given condition in Python
Write a Python Program to Replace Specific Line in File
Write a Python program to Least Frequent Character in String
Write a Python program to print positive numbers in a list
How to convert CSV File to PDF File using Python
Write a Python program to How to search for a string in text files
Write a Python program to swap two elements in a list
Write a Python Program for ShellSort
Write a Python program to Convert tuple to float value
Write a Python program to Remove empty tuples from a list
Write a Python program to Assign Frequency to Tuples
Maximum of two numbers in Python
Simple Diamond Pattern in Python
Write a Python program to Maximum frequency character in String
Write a Python program to check if the list contains three consecutive common numbers in Python
Visualize data from CSV file in Python
Write a Python Dictionary to find mirror characters in a string
Write a Python program to find middle of a linked list using one traversal
How to check if a string starts with a substring using regex in Python
Write a Python program to Replace index elements with elements in Other List
Dumping queue into list or array in Python
Write a Python program to Exceptional Split in String
Write a Python Lambda Functions
Getting Unique values from a column in Pandas dataframe in Python
Write a Python program to Find all duplicate characters in string
How to get the n-largest values of an array using NumPy in Python
Scrape IMDB movie rating and details using Python
Write a Python program to Merging two Dictionaries
Write a Python Selenium – Find element by text
Write a Python program to Key with maximum unique values
Convert covariance matrix to correlation matrix using Python
How to Remove rows in Numpy array that contains non-numeric values in Python
How to create filename containing date or time in Python
Write a Python program to Intersection of two lists
Write a Python program to Convert Matrix to Custom Tuple Matrix
How to convert a Python datetime.datetime to excel serial date number
How to round elements of the NumPy array to the nearest integer in Python
numpy string operations | find() function in Python
numpy string operations | join() function in Python
numpy.negative() in Python
Flatten a Matrix in Python using NumPy
Write a Python Program for Binary Search (Recursive and Iterative)
Scraping Reddit with Python and BeautifulSoup
Write a Python program to get all unique combinations of two Lists
Create a list from rows in Pandas dataframe in Python
Write a Python program to Word location in String
How to count number of instances of a class in Python
Write a Python program to check whether the string is Symmetrical or Palindrome
LRU Cache in Python using OrderedDict
Write a Python Program to find minimum number of rotations to obtain actual string
Write a Python program to Ways to remove multiple empty spaces from string List
How to Change a Dictionary Into a Class in Python
How to change border color in Tkinter widget in Python
Write a Python program to Remove after substring in String
Create Address Book in Write a Python program to Using Tkinter
Write a Python program to Remove Consecutive K element records
Find the size of a Set in Python
Adding and Subtracting Matrices in Python
Set update() in Python to do union of n arrays
Compute pearson product-moment correlation coefficients of two given NumPy arrays in Python
Write a Python program to Remove all duplicates words from a given sentence
Ranking Rows of Pandas DataFrame in Python
Write a Python program to Convert key-values list to flat dictionary
Write a Python program to Convert Tuple Matrix to Tuple List
Write a Python program to Inversion in nested dictionary
Write a Python program to Change column names and row indexes in Pandas DataFrame
How to get size of folder using Python
Intersection of two arrays in Python ( Lambda expression and filter function )
Write a Python program to Convert set into a list
Write a Python program to Creating a Pandas dataframe column based on a given condition
How to insert a space between characters of all the elements of a given NumPy array in Python
Write a Python program to Test substring order
String slicing in Python to check if a string can become empty by recursive deletion
Write a Python program to How to get unique elements in nested tuple
How to count the frequency of unique values in NumPy array in Python
How to calculate the element-wise absolute value of NumPy array in Python
Write a Python program to Remove nested records from tuple
Write a Python program to Reverse a numpy array
Write a Python program to display half diamond pattern of numbers with star border
Collapse multiple Columns in Pandas in Python
Write a Python program to Insertion at the beginning in OrderedDict
Using Timedelta and Period to create DateTime based indexes in Pandas in Python
Write a Python program to Sort Tuples by Total digits
Write a Python program to reverse a stack
Explicitly define datatype in a Python function
Numpy count_nonzero method | Python
Getting frequency counts of a columns in Pandas DataFrame in Python
Write a Python program to reverse the content of a file and store it in another file
Write a Python program to sort a list of tuples by second Item
Write a Python program to Group similar elements into Matrix
Scrape LinkedIn Using Selenium And Beautiful Soup in Python
How to randomly select rows from Pandas DataFrame in Python
How to divide a polynomial to another using NumPy in Python
Write a Python program to Numpy matrix.sum()
Execute a String of Code in Python
Write a Python program to Remove suffix from string list
numpy.poly1d() in Python
Write a Python Code for time Complexity plot of Heap Sort
Convert JSON data Into a Custom Python Object
Write a Python counter and dictionary intersection example (Make a string using deletion and rearrangement)
Selecting rows in pandas DataFrame based on conditions in Python
Write a Python program to find the power of a number using recursion
Write a Python program to Stack and StackSwitcher in GTK+ 3
Assign Function to a Variable in Python
Looping through buttons in Tkinter in Python
How to Remove columns in Numpy array that contains non-numeric values in Python
Write a Python program to interchange first and last elements in a list
How to Sort data by Column in a CSV File in Python
Write a Python program to Reverse Sort a String
How to Scrape all PDF files in a Website in Python
Multiply matrices of complex numbers using NumPy in Python
Calculate the Euclidean distance using NumPy in Python
Write a Python program to Swap elements in String list
Write a Python program to Kth Column Product in Tuple List
Write a Python program to create a list of tuples from given list having number and its cube in each tuple
Change current working directory with Python
Write a Python program to Find all close matches of input string from a list
Write a Python program to Find fibonacci series upto n using lambda
Sorting a CSV object by dates in Python
Overuse of lambda expressions in Python
Difference of two columns in Pandas dataframe in Python
Open computer drives like C, D or E using Python
Write a Python Dictionary | Check if binary representations of two numbers are anagram
Write a Python Program to Print Lines Containing Given String in File
NumPy.histogram() Method in Python
Write a Python program to find files having a particular extension using RegEx
Write a Python program to Dictionary Values Mean
How to iterate over rows in Pandas Dataframe in Python
Write a Python program to right rotate n-numbers by 1
How to create filename containing date or time in Python
numpy.swapaxes() function | Python
Convert JSON to dictionary in Python
Write a Python program to Convert Lists of List to Dictionary
Write a Python program to Ways to convert array of strings to array of floats
Scrape LinkedIn Using Selenium And Beautiful Soup in Python
Write a Python program to Closest Pair to Kth index element in Tuple
Write a Python program to Substring presence in Strings List
Write a Python Program to Delete Specific Line from File
Write a Python program to Append Dictionary Keys and Values ( In order ) in dictionary
Write a Python program to Numpy np.polygrid2d() method
Apply uppercase to a column in Pandas dataframe in Python
Flattening JSON objects in Python
Finding the largest file in a directory using Python
Write a Python program to Consecutive Kth column Difference in Tuple List
Calculate the average, variance and standard deviation in Python using NumPy
Write a Python Program for KMP Algorithm for Pattern Searching
Write a Python program to Check if two strings are Rotationally Equivalent
numpy.percentile() in python
Write a Python program to Similar characters Strings comparison
Write a Python program to print even length words in a string
Write a Python program to Reverse Dictionary Keys Order
Write a Python program to Stack using Doubly Linked List
Write a Python Program to print a number diamond of any given size N in Rangoli Style
How To Automate Google Chrome Using Foxtrot and Python
Program to Print K using Alphabets in Python
How to drop one or multiple columns in Pandas Dataframe in Python
Write a Python Program to Replace Text in a File
Remove multiple elements from a list in Python
How to get column names in Pandas dataframe in Python
Nested Lambda Function in Python
Write a Python program to Sort Dictionary key and values List
Write a Python program to Remove punctuation from string
Reset Index in Pandas Dataframe in Python
Write a Python program to numpy.nanmean() function
Write a Python program to Row-wise element Addition in Tuple Matrix
Write a Python program to Assigning Subsequent Rows to Matrix first row elements
Write a Python program to Split by repeating substring
Write a Python program to Ways to remove multiple empty spaces from string List
Ways to convert string to dictionary in Python
Write a Python program to Sum of number digits in List
Get the index of maximum value in DataFrame column in Python
Getting the time since OS startup using Python
Write a Python program to Get Function Signature
numpy.diff() in Python
Compute the Kronecker product of two multidimension NumPy arrays in Python
Menu driven Python program to execute Linux commands
Calculate average values of two given NumPy arrays in Python
Write a Python program to Extract elements with Frequency greater than K
Write a Python program to Maximum Consecutive Substring Occurrence
Write a Python program to Convert List to List of dictionaries
Iterate over a set in Python
How to read multiple text files from folder in Python
Write a Python program to Remove items from Set
Write a Python program to Last business day of every month in year
Converting a 10 digit phone number to US format using Regex in Python
Write a Python program to Add Space between Potential Words
Convert string to datetime in Python with timezone
Program to print half Diamond star pattern in Python
Scrape Table from Website using Write a Python program to Selenium
Write a Python program to Cross Pairing in Tuple List
Write a Python program to Convert dictionary to K sized dictionaries
Write a Python program to Numpy matrix.max()
Find words which are greater than given length k in Python
Creating Pandas dataframe using list of lists in Python
Write a Python program to Convert Tuple Matrix to Tuple List
Write a Python Program to Reverse a linked list
numpy.sqrt() in Python
How to Remove repetitive characters from words of the given Pandas DataFrame using Regex in Python
Convert a column to row name/index in Pandas in Python
Write a Python program to count number of vowels using sets in given string
How to extract date from Excel file using Pandas in Python
Write a Python program to AND operation between Tuples
Write a Python program to Search an Element in a Circular Linked List
Write a Python program to Odd Frequency Characters
Write a Python program to Program to print duplicates from a list of integers
Write a Python set to check if string is panagram
Write a Python program to Split String of list on K character
Write a Python program to Test if string is subset of another
Write a Python program to Remove Reduntant Substrings from Strings List
Extract time from datetime in Python
How to lowercase column names in Pandas dataframe in Python
Convert the column type from string to datetime format in Pandas dataframe in Python
Write a Python program to find the character position of Kth word from a list of strings
How to access different rows of a multidimensional NumPy array in Python
Scientific GUI Calculator using Tkinter in Python
Matrix Multiplication in NumPy in Python
Scraping And Finding Ordered Words In A Dictionary using Python
Write a Python program to Reverse All Strings in String List
Write a Python program to Count Strings with substring String List
Write a Python program to Remove words containing list characters
Write a Python program to Convert JSON to string
Write a Python Program for Rabin-Karp Algorithm for Pattern Searching
Write a Python program to Uncommon elements in Lists of List
Write a Python program to split and join a string
Create a Numpy array with random values | Python
Write a Python program to Numpy np.polygrid3d() method
Write a Python program to Replace multiple words with K
Reindexing in Pandas DataFrame in Python
Quote Guessing Game using Web Scraping in Python
Scraping Indeed Job Data Using Python
Adding and Subtracting Matrices in Python
How to read all CSV files in a folder in Pandas in Python
Minimum of two numbers in Python
String slicing in Python to rotate a string
Find sum and average of List in Python
Write a Python program to find second largest number in a list
Write a Python program to Loop through files of certain extensions
Write a Python program to print all odd numbers in a range
Write a Python program to Multiply 2d numpy array corresponding to 1d array
Write a Python program to Replace all occurrences of a substring in a string
Convert multiple JSON files to CSV Python
Create Pandas Series using NumPy functions in Python
Write a Python program to capitalize the first and last character of each word in a string
Write a Python program to Queue using Doubly Linked List
Create a new column in Pandas DataFrame based on the existing columns in Python
Write a Python Code for time Complexity plot of Heap Sort
Calculate the sum of the diagonal elements of a NumPy array in Python
Menu Driven Python program for opening the required software Application
How to create an empty and a full NumPy array in Python
Write a Python program to Mirror Image of String
Write a Python program to Substituting patterns in text using regex
Write a Python Program for Odd-Even Sort / Brick Sort
Find the size of a Tuple in Python
Ways to sort list of dictionaries by values in Write a Python program to Using itemgetter
Saving Text, JSON, and CSV to a File in Python
Write a Python program to Sort lists in tuple
Write a Python Program to Reverse the Content of a File using Stack
How to get weighted random choice in Python
Multithreaded Priority Queue in Python
How to Add padding to a tkinter widget only on one side  in Python
How to switch to new window in Selenium for Python
Write a Python program to Longest Substring Length of K
Write a Python program to Multiply all numbers in the list (4 different ways)
How to search and replace text in a file in Python
Convert CSV to JSON using Python
How to Print Multiple Arguments in Python
Write a Python program to Remove duplicate values across Dictionary Values
How to check horoscope using Python
Write a Python program to Adding Tuple to List and vice – versa
How to check if a Python variable exists
Write a Python Program for Binary Insertion Sort
Write a Python program to numpy.isin() method
Calculate inner, outer, and cross products of matrices and vectors using NumPy in Python
Write a Python program to Get number of characters, words, spaces and lines in a file
Split a text column into two columns in Pandas DataFrame in Python
Write a Python program to Creating DataFrame from dict of narray/lists
Write a Python program to Numpy np.eigvals() method
Saving a Networkx graph in GEXF format and visualize using Gephi in Python
How to Sort CSV by multiple columns in Python
Write a Python program to Extract Symmetric Tuples
Write a Python program to Remove keys with substring values
numpy string operations | upper() function in Python
Map function and Lambda expression in Python to replace characters
Validate an IP address using Python without using RegEx
Write a Python program to Consecutive characters frequency
How to save a NumPy array to a text file in Python
Select any row from a Dataframe using iloc[] and iat[] in Pandas in Python
How to multiply a polynomial to another using NumPy in Python
Creating a Pandas Series from Dictionary in Python
Compute the median of the flattened NumPy array in Python
How to check whether specified values are present in NumPy array in Python
Write a Python program to Possible Substring count from String
Create a Numpy array filled with all ones in Python
How to check which Button was clicked in Tkinter  in Python
Make a Pandas DataFrame with two-dimensional list | Python
Write a Python program to Convert a list of Tuples into Dictionary
Bisect Algorithm Functions in Python
Handling missing keys in Python dictionaries
Construct a DataFrame in Pandas using string data in Python
Write a Python program to sort a list of tuples alphabetically
numpy string operations | lower() function in Python
numpy.random.laplace() in Python
Convert class object to JSON in Python
Write a Python Program for Bitonic Sort
Write a Python program to Ways to remove a key from dictionary
Write a Python Program for Gnome Sort
Reverse words in a given String in Python
Write a Python program to Row-wise element Addition in Tuple Matrix
Write a Python Program to print hollow half diamond hash pattern
Compute the condition number of a given matrix using NumPy in Python
How to extract paragraph from a website and save it as a text file in Python
Write a Python program to Minimum number of subsets with distinct elements using Counter
How to add one polynomial to another using NumPy in Python
Write a Python program to Numpy matrix.mean()
Write a Python program to Remove empty List from List
Write a Python program to Read CSV Column into List without header
Write a Python program to Create Nested Dictionary using given List
Split a column in Pandas dataframe and get part of it in Python
Pretty print Linked List in Python
Write a Python program to Maximum and Minimum K elements in Tuple
Write a Python Program for Pigeonhole Sort
Write a Python program to Replace Substrings from String List
Write a Python dictionary, set and counter to check if frequencies can become same
Creating a dataframe from Pandas series in Python
Write a Python program to print even numbers in a list
Write a Python program to Sort Dictionary by Values Summation
numpy.moveaxis() function | Python
Write a Python program to Test if Substring occurs in specific position
Write a Python program to Elements Frequency in Mixed Nested Tuple
Write a Python program to Permutation of a given string using inbuilt function
Write a Python program to Scoring Matrix using Dictionary
Write a Python Lambda with underscore as an argument
Find a matrix or vector norm using NumPy in Python
Conditional operation on Pandas DataFrame columns in Python
Write a Python program for removing i-th character from a string
Concatenated string with uncommon characters in Python
Clean the string data in the given Pandas Dataframe in Python
Write a Python program to a Sort Matrix by index-value equality count
How to subtract one polynomial to another using NumPy in Python
Write a Python program to Convert numeric words to numbers
Write a Python program to Sort String list by K character frequency
Write a Python program to Swap elements in String list
Write a Python program to Difference between two lists
numpy string operations | count() function in Python
Write a Python program to Convert Matrix to dictionary
Write a Python program to Specific Characters Frequency in String List
Write a Python program to Sort dictionaries list by Key’s Value list index
Find the size of a Dictionary in Python
Write a Python program to find the type of IP Address using Regex
Write a Python Get List of all empty Directories
Generate Random Numbers From The Uniform Distribution using NumPy in Python
Write a Python program to print odd numbers in a List
Write a Python program to Check if a given string is binary string or not
Write a Python program to Extract tuples having K digit elements
Write a Python program to Convert Nested Tuple to Custom Key Dictionary
Using dictionary to remap values in Pandas DataFrame columns in Python
Remove all the occurrences of an element from a list in Python
Insert row at given position in Pandas Dataframe in Python
Write a Python program to Matrix Row subset
How to inverse a matrix using NumPy in Python
How to create a list of object in Python class
Write a Python Program for Recursive Insertion Sort
How to get values of an NumPy array at certain index positions in Python
Write a Python program to Convert Binary tuple to Integer
How to Download All Images from a Web Page in Python
Write a Python program to Get list of running processes
Write a Python program to Split String on vowels
Write a Python program to Ways to add row/columns in numpy array
Write a Python program to Flatten a 2d numpy array into 1d array
Calculate the sum of all columns in a 2D NumPy array in Python
Returning a function from a function – Python
Write a Python program to numpy.fill_diagonal() method
Write a Python program to Count occurrences of an element in a list
Write a Python program to print all negative numbers in a range
Formatting float column of Dataframe in Pandas in Python
Write a Python program to Flatten Tuples List to String
Write a Python program to Remove Dictionary Key Words
Convert “unknown format” strings to datetime objects in Python
Compute the outer product of two given vectors using NumPy in Python
Write a Python Program for Linear Search
How to resize Image in Write a Python program to Tkinter
Implementation of XOR Linked List in Python
Visualizing Quick Sort using Tkinter in Python
Write a Python program to Convert Nested dictionary to Mapped Tuple
Write a Python program to Remove K length Duplicates from String
Calculate the QR decomposition of a given matrix using NumPy in Python
Count of groups having largest size while grouping according to sum of its digits in Python
Capitalize first letter of a column in Pandas dataframe in Python
Write a Python program to Replace negative value with zero in numpy array
Write a Python Program for Cocktail Sort
Changing the colour of Tkinter Menu Bar in Python
Write a Python program to Check order of character in string using OrderedDict( )
Get the index of minimum value in DataFrame column in Python
Write a Python program to Multiply Adjacent elements
numpy string operations | not_equal() function in Python
How to compute the eigenvalues and right eigenvectors of a given square array using NumPY in Python
Write a Python Program for Cycle Sort
Write a Python dictionary, set and counter to check if frequencies can become same
Describe a NumPy Array in Python
How to split the element of a given NumPy array with spaces in Python
Numpy size() function | Python
Write a Python program to Successive Characters Frequency
Write a Python program to Right and Left Shift characters in String
Write a Python program to Stack using Doubly Linked List
Different ways to convert a Python dictionary to a NumPy array
Write a Python Set | Check whether a given string is Heterogram or not
How to find the number of arguments in a Python function
Return the Index label if some condition is satisfied over a column in Pandas Dataframe in Python
Program to check if a string contains any special character in Python
Convert Python datetime to epoch
How to get the Daily News using Python
Convert Set to String in Python
Write a Python Program to print all Possible Combinations from the three Digits
Write a Python program to Check if String Contain Only Defined Characters using Regex
Write a Python program to Maximum and Minimum in a Set
Remove all duplicates from a given string in Python
Write a Python Program for Iterative Merge Sort
Repeat all the elements of a NumPy array of strings in Python
Write a Python Program to Reverse Every Kth row in a Matrix
How to scrape multiple pages using Selenium in Python
Write a Python program to Order Tuples by List
Write a Python program to select Random value form list of lists
Write a Python program to Check if a given string is binary string or not
How to make a NumPy array read-only in Python
Write a Python program to Convert Lists of List to Dictionary
Limited rows selection with given column in Pandas | Python
Write a Python program to print Pascal’s Triangle
How to Extract Wikipedia Data in Python
Get all rows in a Pandas DataFrame containing given substring in Python
Write a Python program to Filter Strings combination of K substrings
Scrape and Save Table Data in CSV file using Selenium in Python
Program to print window pattern in Python
Lambda expression in Python to rearrange positive and negative numbers
Write a Python program to Sort by Frequency of second element in Tuple List
Write a Python program to count Even and Odd numbers in a List
Write a Python program to Test if List contains elements in Range
Select row with maximum and minimum value in Pandas dataframe in Python
Create an n x n square matrix, where all the sub-matrix have the sum of opposite corner elements as even in Python
Write a Python program to Swap commas and dots in a String
Write a Python program to Filter Range Length Tuples
How to rename columns in Pandas DataFrame in Python
Write a Python program to print all positive numbers in a range
Write a Python program to Numpy matrix.round()
Write a Python program to Elements frequency in Tuple
Get n-smallest values from a particular column in Pandas DataFrame in Python
Write a Python program to Retain records with N occurrences of K
numpy matrix operations | rand() function in Python
Write a Python program to Convert list of nested dictionary into Pandas dataframe
Write a Python program to Swapping Hierarchy in Nested Dictionaries
How to get all 2D diagonals of a 3D NumPy array in Python
Write a Python Counter to find the size of largest subset of anagram words
Write a Python Program for Anagram Substring Search (Or Search for all permutations)
How to Convert an image to NumPy array and saveit to CSV file using Python
Write a Python program to build flashcard using class in Python
Write a Python program to Divide date range to N equal duration
How to create multiple CSV files from existing CSV file using Pandas  in Python
Change Data Type for one or more columns in Pandas Dataframe in Python
Convert Text file to JSON in Python
Write a Python program to Read CSV Columns Into List
Write a Python program to Search an Element in a Circular Linked List
Isoformat to datetime – Python
Drop rows from the dataframe based on certain condition applied on a column in Python
Categorize Password as Strong or Weak using Regex in Python
Create a Pandas Series from array in Python
Write a Python program to Find the Number Occurring Odd Number of Times using Lambda expression and reduce function
Possible Words using given characters in Python
Write a Python program to Custom sorting in list of tuples
Write a Python program to Skew Nested Tuple Summation
Write a Python program to Filter Tuples by Kth element from List
How to get list of parameters name from a function in Python
Different ways to clear a list in Python
Write a Python program to extract Strings between HTML Tags
Rename a folder of images using Tkinter in Python
Compare two Files line by line in Python
Write a Python program to Numpy matrix.sort()
Write a Python program to Group Elements in Matrix
Write a Python Program to Convert String Matrix Representation to Matrix
How to get selected value from listbox in tkinter in Python
Write a Python program to Modulo of tuple elements
Write a Python Script to change name of a file to its timestamp
Write a Python program to count Even and Odd numbers in a List
Write a Python program to Frequency of numbers in String
Write a Python Program to Sort the list according to the column using lambda
Reversing a List in Python
Dictionary and counter in Python to find winner of election
Write a Python program to Sort Python Dictionaries by Key or Value
How to convert a list and tuple into NumPy arrays in Python
Write a Python program to find largest number in a list
Write a Python program to Removing duplicates from tuple
Write a Python program to Find missing and additional values in two lists
Shuffle a deck of card with OOPS in Python
How to extract youtube data in Python
Check whether the given string is Palindrome using Stack in Python
Write a Python program to Maximum occurring Substring from list
Write a Python program to check if a string has at least one letter and one number
Write a Python program to count number of vowels using sets in given string
Write a Python program to Convert Matrix to Custom Tuple Matrix
Write a Python program to List product excluding duplicates
Write a Python program to Cloning or Copying a list
How to add timestamp to CSV file in Python
Write a Python Program to Count Words in Text File
Convert a NumPy array into a csv file in Python
How to add a border around a NumPy array in Python
Write a Python program to Filter out integers from float numpy array
Write a Python program to Remove Tuples of Length K
Write a Python program to Program to accept the strings which contains all vowels
What are the allowed characters in Python function names
Find the number of rows and columns of a given matrix using NumPy in Python
Write a Python program to Group Sublists by another List
Kill a Process by name using Python
Write a Python program to Print an Inverted Star Pattern
Combining a one and a two-dimensional NumPy Array in Python
Write a Python program to Ways to find length of list
Write a Python program to Sorting string using order defined by another string
Ways to convert string to dictionary in Python
Functions that accept variable length key value pair as arguments in Python
Lambda with if but without else in Python
Counting the frequencies in a list using dictionary in Python
Sorting objects of user defined class in Python
Write a Python program to Numpy matrix.tolist()
Write a Python program to Maximum record value key in dictionary
How to build an array of all combinations of two NumPy arrays in Python
Write a Python program to Sum of tuple elements
Print anagrams together in Python using List and Dictionary
Write a Python program to Check if a Substring is Present in a Given String
NumPy – Fibonacci Series using Binet Formula in Python
Count distinct substrings of a string using Rabin Karp algorithm in Python
Write a Python program to Check if two lists have at-least one element common
Find length of a string in python (4 ways)
Write a Python program to Convert List of Dictionaries to List of Lists
Write a Python program to Extract Key’s Value, if Key Present in List and Dictionary
Write a Python Program to print digit pattern
Finding the k smallest values of a NumPy array in Python
How to Build a Simple Auto-Login Bot with Python
Write a Python program to Print Heart Pattern
How to open two files together in Python
Access the elements of a Series in Pandas in Python
Write a Python program to Numpy matrix.min()
Write a Python Library for Linked List
Creating a Pandas Series from Lists in Python
Write a Python program to All substrings Frequency in String
Write a Python program to Join Tuples if similar initial element
Write a Python Set | Pairs of complete strings in two sets
Write a Python Selenium – Find Button by text
Check if element exists in list in Python
Box Blur Algorithm – With Python implementation
How to get element-wise true division of an array using Numpy in Python
Evaluate Einstein’s summation convention of two multidimensional NumPy arrays in Python
numpy.searchsorted() in Python
Write a Python program to Merging two Dictionaries
Pretty print Linked List in Python
numpy.var() in Python
How to add time onto a DateTime object in Python
Convert JSON to CSV in Python
Extract IP address from file using Python
Write a Python program to Sort String by Custom Integer Substrings
numpy.var() in Python
numpy.loadtxt() in Python
Retweet Tweet using Selenium in Python
Write a Python lambda
Write a Python program to Replace String by Kth Dictionary value
Lambda and filter in Python Examples
Get n-largest values from a particular column in Pandas DataFrame in Python
Write a Python program to Replace Different characters in String at Once
Write a Python program to Replace all Characters of a List Except the given character
Write a Python program to Group Similar items to Dictionary Values List
Write a Python program to Extract values of Particular Key in Nested Values
Pandas | Basic of Time Series Manipulation in Python
Write a Python program to print all even numbers in a range
numpy string operations | swapcase() function in Python
Write a Python program to find tuples which have all elements divisible by K from a list of tuples
Write a Python program to Convert Tuple to Tuple Pair
Write a Python program to Remove Reduntant Substrings from Strings List
How to compute numerical negative value for all elements in a given NumPy array in Python
Convert binary to string using Python
Working with large CSV files in Python
Write a Python program to find the Strongest Neighbour
Write a Python Program for BogoSort or Permutation Sort
Write a Python program to Convert Character Matrix to single String
Write a Python program to Flatten tuple of List to tuple
Program to reverse a linked list using Stack in Python
Write a Python program to Unique Tuple Frequency (Order Irrespective)
Write a Python program to find the character position of Kth word from a list of strings
Ways to remove i’th character from string in Python
Ways to sort list of dictionaries by values in Write a Python program to Using lambda function
How to read numbers in CSV files in Python
Find the roots of the polynomials using NumPy in Python
Write a Python program to find the sum of all items in a dictionary
Write a Python program to Extract words starting with K in String List
Write a Python program to Find Mean of a List of Numpy Array
Write a Python program to Numpy np.char.endswith() method
Write a Python program to Find common elements in three sorted arrays by dictionary intersection
Write a Python program to Remove duplicate lists in tuples (Preserving Order)
Program to print the diamond shape in Python
Write a Python program to Extract Indices of substring matches
Write a Python program to Test if tuple is distinct
Write a Python program to Creating DataFrame from dict of narray/lists
Create a list from rows in Pandas DataFrame | Set 2 in Python
Selenium – Search for text on page in Python
Write a Python program to Reverse Row sort in Lists of List
Print with your own font using Python !!
Write a Python Program to Generate Random binary string
Write a Python program to Count Uppercase, Lowercase, special character and numeric values using Regex
Count the number of white spaces in a Sentence
Find the nth term in the Fibonacci series using Recursion
Search a specified integer in an array
Convert Lowercase to Uppercase using the inbuilt function
Please write a program using generator to print the numbers which can be divisible by 5 and 7 between 0 and n in comma separated form while n is input by console.
Python Program to Search for an Element in the Linked List without using Recursion
Find the minimum element in the matrix
Program to convert Octal To Hexadecimal
Program to find square root of a number
Find the power of a number using recursion
Convert a decimal number to hexadecimal using recursion
Python Program to Generate Gray Codes using Recursion
Write a program to print the pattern
Python Program to Remove the Characters of Odd Index Values in a String
Python Program to Generate all the Divisors of an Integer
Program to print series 0 2 6 12 20 30 42 ...N
Python Program to Reverse a String Using Recursion
Python Program To Find the Smallest and Largest Elements in the Binary Search Tree
Python Program to Implement Comb Sort
Check whether a given matrix is an identity matrix or not
Program to print series 1,22,333,4444...n
Multiply two numbers without using multiplication(*) operator
Program to count the number of digits in an integer.
Define a function which can generate a dictionary where the keys are numbers between 1 and 20 (both included) and the values are square of keys. The function should just print the keys only.
Assuming that we have some email addresses in the "username@companyname.com" format, please write program to print the company name of a given email address. Both user names and company names are composed of letters only.
Remove duplicate elements in an array
Python Program to Find the Binary Equivalent of a Number without Using Recursion
Define a function which can generate a list where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 20 (both included). Then the function needs to print all values except the first 5 elements in the list.
Python Program to Find the GCD of Two Numbers
Python Program to Implement Floyd-Warshall Algorithm
Find the maximum element in the matrix
Program to remove all numbers from a String
Write a program to Display your name and some Message
Program to check two matrix are equal or not
Program to find the nth Hashed number
Program to print series 1 9 17 33 49 73 97 ...N
Program to convert Decimal to Hexadecimal
Python Program to Print Largest Even and Largest Odd Number in a List
Program to print series 2,15,41,80...n
Python Program to Construct a Tree & Perform Insertion, Deletion, Display
Python Program to Reverse only First N Elements of a Linked List
Python Program to Solve Rod Cutting Problem using Dynamic Programming with Memoization
Python Program to Count the Number of Vowels Present in a String using Sets
Find out all Disarium numbers present within a given range
Python Program to Modify the Linked List such that All Even Numbers appear before all the Odd Numbers in the Modified Linked List
Program to display a lower triangular matrix
Print the Inverted Full Pyramid Star Pattern
Program to print a butterfly shape star pattern
Python Program to Implement Fibonacci Heap
Program to Find sum of series 1+(1+3)+(1+3+5)+....+N
Program to Find nth Neon Number
Python Program to Take the Temperature in Celcius and Covert it to Farenheit
Find all non repeated characters in a string
Print Fibonacci Series using recursion
Write a program that computes the value of a+aa+aaa+aaaa with a given digit as the value of a.
Python Program to Find the LCM of Two Numbers
Convert temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius
Write a program that accepts a sentence and calculate the number of upper case letters and lower case letters.
Program to Find subtraction of two matrices
Python Program to Find the Length of a List Using Recursion
Write a program which accepts a sequence of comma-separated numbers from console and generate a list and a tuple which contains every number.
Find the sum of N numbers in an array
Program to check whether a matrix is diagonal or not
Program to check whether a matrix is symmetric or not
Program to Find nth Evil Number
Python Program to Print Table of a Given Number
Python Program to Implement Heapsort
Python Program to Count Number of Non Leaf Nodes of a given Tree
Python Program to Count the Number of Lines in a Text File
Program to print multiplication table of a given number
Check if two arrays are the disjoint or not
Print every character of a string twice
Write a program that accepts a sequence of whitespace separated words as input and prints the words after removing all duplicate words and sorting them alphanumerically.
Python Program to Generate Random Numbers from 1 to 20 and Append Them to the List
Write a program to calculate compound interest
Define a class named American and its subclass NewYorker.
Program to compute the area and perimeter of Rhombus
Program to Print the Hollow Diamond Star Pattern
Remove duplicate words from string
Please write a program to shuffle and print the list [3,6,7,8].
Write a program to Find the nth Perfect Number
Python Program to Count Number of Leaf Node in a Tree
Python Program to Create a Class and Compute the Area and the Perimeter of the Circle
Find the minimum element in the matrix
Python Program to Count all Paths in a Grid with Holes using Dynamic Programming with Memoization
Check whether an alphabet is vowel or consonant
Program to check whether a matrix is diagonal or not
Define a class, which have a class parameter and have a same instance parameter.
Find 2nd smallest digit in a given number
Find 2nd largest digit in a given number
Division Two Numbers Operator without using Division(/) operator
Program to check whether a matrix is symmetric or not
Python Program to Find if Directed Graph contains Cycle using DFS
Check if one array is a subset of another array or not
Selection Sort Program in Python | Java | C | C++
Program to print the Half Pyramid Number Pattern
Longest palindromic substring in a string
Program to Convert Binary to Hexadecimal
Program to print series 1,3,7,15,31...N
Program to print series 0,2,8,14,24,34 ...N
Binary to Decimal conversion using recursion
Maximum difference between two elements in an array
Python Program to Illustrate the Operations of Singly Linked List
Program to print series 6,11,21,36,56...n
Python Program to Find the Total Sum of a Nested List Using Recursion
Program to print the Full Pyramid Number Pattern
Write a program, which will find all such numbers between 1000 and 3000 (both included) such that each digit of the number is an even number.The numbers obtained should be printed in a comma-separated sequence on a single line.
Check whether two strings are equal or not
Program to print the Alphabet Inverted Half Pyramid Pattern
Please write a program to randomly print a integer number between 7 and 15 inclusive.
Python Program to Check Whether a Given Year is a Leap Year
Python Program to Find Longest Common Subsequence using Dynamic Programming with Bottom-Up Approach
Write a program to print the pattern
Python Program to Determine How Many Times a Given Letter Occurs in a String Recursively
Check whether a given Character is Upper case, Lower case, Number or Special Character
Write a program which can map() and filter() to make a list whose elements are square of even number in [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10].
Program to Find gcd or hcf of two numbers
Python Program to Solve Fractional Knapsack Problem using Greedy Algorithm
Shortest palindromic substring in a string
Count number of uppercase letters in a string using Recursion
Bidirectional Bubble Sort Program in Python | Java | C | C++
Print the marks obtained by a student in five tests
Check if two arrays are equal or not
Python Program to Print nth Fibonacci Number using Dynamic Programming with Memoization
Convert decimal to binary using recursion
Python Program to Read a Number n and Compute n+nn+nnn
Python Program to Print all Numbers in a Range Divisible by a Given Number
Program to convert decimal to octal using while loop
Python Program to Determine all Pythagorean Triplets in the Range
Program to print the Solid Half Diamond Number Pattern
Check whether number is Evil Number or Not
Check a given number is an Automorphic number using recursion
Python Program to Read a Text File and Print all the Numbers Present in the Text File
Python Program to Find Those Numbers which are Divisible by 7 and Multiple of 5 in a Given Range of Numbers
Python Program to Check whether 2 Linked Lists are Same
Python Program to Implement Binary Tree using Linked List
Program to compute the area and perimeter of Hexagon
Write a program to computef(n)=f(n-1)+100 when n>0and f(0)=1with a given n input by console (n>0).
Program to find the sum of an upper triangular matrix
Bubble sort using recursion
Program to convert Octal To Hexadecimal
Program to print mirrored right triangle star pattern
Please generate a random float where the value is between 10 and 100 using Python math module.
Find a pair with given sum in the array
Minimum difference between two elements in an array
Python Program to Implement Bucket Sort
Python Program to Minimize Lateness using Greedy Algorithm
Print the Full Pyramid Alphabet Pattern
Program to find the nth Magic Number
Find a pair with given sum in the array
Program to compute the perimeter of Trapezoid
With a given integral number n, write a program to generate a dictionary that contains (i, i*i) such that is an integral number between 1 and n (both included). and then the program should print the dictionary.
Find the second most frequent character in a given string
Python Program to Implement Shell Sort
Merge Sort Program in Python | Java | C | C++
Subtract Two Numbers Operator without using Minus(-) operator
Define a function which can print a dictionary where the keys are numbers between 1 and 20 (both included) and the values are square of keys.
Program to Print series 1,2,8,16,32...n
Python Program to Add a Key-Value Pair to the Dictionary
Program to convert binary to octal using while loop
Python Program to Count the Number of Vowels in a String
Print array elements in reverse order
Python Program to Solve Josephus Problem using Linked List
Python Program to Read Print Prime Numbers in a Range using Sieve of Eratosthenes
Program to print the Half Pyramid Number Pattern
Write a program which can filter even numbers in a list by using filter function. The list is [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10].
Remove special characters from String
Program to print series 6,9,14,21,30,41,54...N
Check whether number is Neon Number or Not.
Program to print the Solid Inverted Half Diamond Alphabet Pattern
Print array elements in reverse order
Python Program to Implement Queues using Stacks
Print the most occurring elements in an array
Program to find the sum of series 1/1+1/2+1/3..+1/N
Python Program to Implement a Doubly Linked List & provide Insertion, Deletion & Display Operations
Python Program to Reverse a Linked List
Python Program to Find the Length of the Linked List using Recursion
Python Program to Sum All the Items in a Dictionary
Program to Find nth Pronic Number
Find words Starting with given characters(Prefix)
Program to find sum of series 1+4-9+16-25+.....+N
Write a program to generate and print another tuple whose values are even numbers in the given tuple (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10).
Program to print the Solid Diamond Star Pattern
Python Program to Sort the List According to the Second Element in Sublist
Python Program to Check if a Number is a Strong Number
Please write a program to randomly generate a list with 5 even numbers between 100 and 200 inclusive.
Find the shortest word in a string
7.2Define a class named Shape and its subclass Square. The Square class has an init function which takes a length as argument. Both classes have a area function which can print the area of the shape where Shape's area is 0 by default.
Program to display a lower triangular matrix
Python Program to Sort a List According to the Length of the Elements
Assuming that we have some email addresses in the "username@companyname.com" format, please write program to print the user name of a given email address. Both user names and company names are composed of letters only.
Python Program to Check if a Substring is Present in a Given String
Check whether a given number is  prime or not
Python Program to Find Longest Common Substring using Dynamic Programming with Bottom-Up Approach
Python Program to Find Longest Common Substring using Dynamic Programming with Memoization
Python Program to Print All Permutations of a String in Lexicographic Order without Recursion
Find the Smallest digit in a number
Python Program to Put Even and Odd elements in a List into Two Different Lists
Program to find the transpose of a matrix
Add between 2 numbers without using arithmetic operators
Python Program to Find the Number of Nodes in a Binary Tree
Define a function which can generate a list where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 20 (both included). Then the function needs to print the last 5 elements in the list.
Print even numbers in given range using recursion
Python Program to Find All Connected Components using DFS in an Undirected Graph
Program to find the normal and trace of a matrix
Check Armstrong number using recursion
Python Program to Interchange the two Adjacent Nodes given a circular Linked List
Print the frequency of all numbers in an array
Find the sum of Even numbers using recursion
Find the sum of odd numbers using recursion
Program to print the Inverted V Star Pattern
Program to check the given number is a palindrome or not
Python Program to Read a Linked List in Reverse
Program to Find subtraction of two matrices
Write a program that accepts a sentence and calculate the number of letters and digits.
Program to convert Days into years, months and Weeks
Python program to Sort a List of Tuples in Increasing Order by the Last Element in Each Tuple
Python Program to Implement Radix Sort
Python Program to Count Set Bits in a Number
Program to check whether a matrix is sparse or not
Python Program to Find the Largest Number in a List
Program to Find the smallest of three numbers
Python Program to Print Numbers in a Range (1,upper) Without Using any Loops
Program to print inverted right triangle star pattern
Python Program to Display the Nodes of a Linked List in Reverse without using Recursion
Convert a decimal number to hexadecimal using recursion
Program to check whether number is Spy Number or Not
Find the maximum element in the matrix
Python Program to Calculate the Number of Upper Case Letters and Lower Case Letters in a String
Program to print square star pattern
Program to print the Inverted Half Pyramid Number Pattern
Count distinct elements in an array
Sort names in alphabetical order
Define a function which can generate a list where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 20 (both included). Then the function needs to print the first 5 elements in the list.
Python Program to Count the Number of Occurrences of an Element in the Linked List using Recursion
7.2Define a class named Rectangle which can be constructed by a length and width. The Rectangle class has a method which can compute the area.
Program to Find nth Disarium Number
Python Program to Select the ith Largest Element from a List in Expected Linear Time
Program to Find the multiplication of two matrices
Check whether a given number is a strong number or not
Program to print the Solid Inverted Half Diamond Star Pattern
Program to find the sum of series 1+X+X^2/2!+X^3/3!...+X^N/N!
Program to Find the nth Automorphic number
Input a string through the keyboard and Print the same
Python Program to Solve 0-1 Knapsack Problem using Dynamic Programming with Memoization
Linear Search Program in C | C++ | Java | Python
Sort array in descending order using recursion
Python Program to Reverse a Stack using Recursion
Program to print Fibonacci series in Python | C | C++ | Java
Program to Find the sum of a lower triangular matrix
Program to Find nth Trimorphic Number
Count the number of vowels, consonants, numbers, and special characters present in a string
Python Program to Implement Binary Search without Recursion
Python Program to Compute Prime Factors of an Integer
Print the Inverted Pant's Shape Star Pattern
Program to Print the Hollow Half Pyramid Star Pattern
Program to find the transpose of a matrix
Print only consonants in a string
Multiply two numbers without using multiplication(*) operator
Python Program for Depth First Binary Tree Search without using Recursion
Print prime numbers from 1 to n using recursion
Python Program to Detect if Two Strings are Anagrams
Convert Lowercase to Uppercase using the inbuilt function
Find the sum of all elements in a 2D Array
You are required to write a program to sort the (name, age, height) tuples by ascending order where name is string, age and height are numbers. The tuples are input by console. The sort criteria is1 Sort based on name;2 Then sort based on age;3 Then sort by score.The priority is that name > age > score.If the following tuples are given as input to the programTom,19,80John,20,90Jony,17,91Jony,17,93Json,21,85Then, the output of the program should be[('John', '20', '90'), ('Jony', '17', '91'), ('Jony', '17', '93'), ('Json', '21', '85'), ('Tom', '19', '80')]
Python Program to Accept a Hyphen Separated Sequence of Words as Input and Print the Words in a Hyphen-Separated Sequence after Sorting them Alphabetically
Python Program to Calculate the Number of Digits and Letters in a String
Program to print the Full Pyramid Star Pattern
Python Program to Find the Area of a Rectangle Using Classes
Python Program to Find the Length of the Linked List without using Recursion
Convert alternate characters to capital letters
Binary Search Program in C | C++ | Java | Python
Python Program to Implement Depth-First Search on a Graph using Recursion
Define a function which can compute the sum of two numbers.
Print all permutations of a string using recursion
Check if a string contains a given substring
Python Program to Read a File and Capitalize the First Letter of Every Word in the File
Define a function that can accept an integer number as input and print the "It is an even number" if the number is even, otherwise print "It is an odd number".
Insertion sort using recursion
A robot moves in a plane starting from the original point (0,0). The robot can move toward UP, DOWN, LEFT and RIGHT with a given steps. The trace of robot movement is shown as the followingUP 5DOWN 3LEFT 3RIGHT 2Â¡Â­The numbers after the direction are steps. Please write a program to compute the distance from current position after a sequence of movement and original point. If the distance is a float, then just print the nearest integer.
Python Program to Sort using a Binary Search Tree
With a given list [12,24,35,24,88,120,155,88,120,155], write a program to print this list after removing all duplicate values with original order reserved.
Check whether a given number is positive or negative
Python Program to Create a Linked List & Display the Elements in the List
Check whether a given number is Friendly pair or not
Find median of two sorted arrays of different sizes
Python Program to Find Intersection & Union of 2 Linked Lists
Python Program to test Collatz Conjecture for a Given Number
Write a program to compute 1/2+2/3+3/4+...+n/n+1 with a given n input by console (n>0).
Write a program which takes 2 digits, X,Y as input and generates a 2-dimensional array. The element value in the i-th row and j-th column of the array should be i*j.Note i=0,1.., X-1; j=0,1,Â¡Â­Y-1.
Check whether a year is leap year or not
Program to Print the Pant's Shape Star Pattern
Python Program to Compute the Value of Euler's Number e. Use the Formula e = 1 + 1/1! + 1/2! + …… 1/n!
Program to Find the area and perimeter of a circle
Python Program to Concatenate Two Dictionaries Into One
Find reverse of a number using recursion
Write a function to compute 5/0 and use try/except to catch the exceptions.
Program to Find the reverse of a given number
Python Program to Find the Area of a Triangle Given All Three Sides
By using list comprehension, please write a program to print the list after removing the 0th, 2nd, 4th,6th numbers in [12,24,35,70,88,120,155].
Write a program that computes the net amount of a bank account based a transaction log from console input. The transaction log format is shown as followingD 100W 200D means deposit while W means withdrawal.
Program to print the Full Pyramid Number Pattern
Find two elements whose sum is closest to zero
Python Program to Form a Dictionary from an Object of a Class
Insertion Sort Program in Python | Java | C | C++
Remove element from an array by index
Print the Alphabet Inverted Half Pyramid Pattern
Find out all Trimorphic numbers present within a given range
Check strong number using recursion
Copy one string to another using recursion
Program to concatenate two String
Program to Find the sum of series 3+33+333.....+N
Find missing numbers in an array
Enter marks of five subjects and calculate total, average, and percentage
Program to Find the sum of series 3+33+333.....+N
Write a special comment to indicate a Python source code file is in unicode.
Write a program which accepts a sequence of comma separated 4 digit binary numbers as its input and then check whether they are divisible by 5 or not. The numbers that are divisible by 5 are to be printed in a comma separated sequence.
Check whether number is Trimorphic Number or Not
Print mirrored right triangle Alphabet pattern
Program to print the Solid Diamond Alphabet Pattern
Write a program which can map() to make a list whose elements are square of elements in [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10].
Please write a program to print the running time of execution of "1+1" for 100 times.
Convert Temperature from degree Celsius to Fahrenheit
Python Program to Remove All Tuples in a List of Tuples with the USN Outside the Given Range
Program to Calculate the surface area and volume of a Hemisphere
Python Program to Append, Delete and Display Elements of a List Using Classes
Define a function that can accept two strings as input and print the string with maximum length in console. If two strings have the same length, then the function should print al l strings line by line.
Python Program to Remove the Given Key from a Dictionary
Python Program to Create a Dictionary with Key as First Character and Value as Words Starting with that Character
Python Program to Implement a Stack using Linked List
Python Program to Print Odd Numbers Within a Given Range
Sort an array of 0s, 1s and 2s
Python Program to Find the Largest value in a Tree using Inorder Traversal
Program to Find sum of series 5^2+10^2+15^2+.....N^2
Python Program to Count the Number of Digits in a Number
Program to print the Full Pyramid Number Pattern
Python Program to Implement Counting Sort
Find the Generic root of a number
Python Program to Find the Fibonacci Series Using Recursion
Python Program to Print all the Paths from the Root to the Leaf in a Tree
Python Program to Find the Second Largest Number in a List Using Bubble Sort
Python Program to Solve n-Queen Problem without Recursion
Check whether number is Sunny Number or Not.
Count number of zeros in a number using recursion
Python Program to Build Binary Tree if Inorder or Postorder Traversal as Input
Python Program to solve Maximum Subarray Problem using Kadane’s Algorithm
Python Program to Calculate the Number of Words and the Number of Characters Present in a String
Program to calculate the area and perimeter of a rectangle
Python Program to Determine Whether a Given Number is Even or Odd Recursively
Python Program to Count the Occurrences of Each Word in a Given String Sentence
Write a program to calculate simple Interest
Python Program to Implement Johnson’s Algorithm
Python Program to Flatten a List without using Recursion
Python Program to Implement Binomial Heap
Program to find the sum of an upper triangular matrix
Find out all Perfect numbers present within a given range
Python Program to Read a Number n And Print the Series "1+2+…..+n= "
Find the maximum element in the matrix
Python Program to Solve Matrix-Chain Multiplication using Dynamic Programming with Memoization
Program to Find nth Armstrong Number
Python Program to Form a New String where the First Character and the Last Character have been Exchanged
Program to print the Half Pyramid Number Pattern
Convert Octal to decimal using recursion
Program to check whether a matrix is symmetric or not
Python Program to Remove Duplicates from a Linked List
Python Program to Find the Smallest Divisor of an Integer
Print the Hollow Half Pyramid Number Pattern
Program to find sum of series 1^1/1!+2^2/2!+3^3/3!...+n^n/n!
Program to check two matrix are equal or not
Separate even and odd numbers in an array
Find the sum of n natural numbers using recursion
Python Program for Depth First Binary Tree Search using Recursion
Python Program to Check If Two Numbers are Amicable Numbers
Decimal to Octal conversion using recursion
Program to find the normal and trace of a matrix
Write a program to print the alphabet pattern
Program to check whether a matrix is sparse or not
Please write a program to output a random even number between 0 and 10 inclusive using random module and list comprehension.
Program to Find the nth Palindrome Number
Program to print the right triangle Alphabet pattern
Python Program to Find the GCD of Two Numbers Using Recursion
Python Program to Find Transitive Closure of a Graph
Program to find addition of two matrices
Remove all uppercase characters in the String
Decimal to Octal conversion using recursion
Check whether a given number is positive or negative
Python Program to Find the Sum of Elements in a List Recursively
Python Program to Solve Matrix-Chain Multiplication using Dynamic Programming with Bottom-Up Approach
Python Program to Implement Binomial Tree
Write a program which will find all such numbers which are divisible by 7 but are not a multiple of 5,between 2000 and 3200 (both included).The numbers obtained should be printed in a comma-separated sequence on a single line.
Python Program to Find the Smallest Set of Unit-Length Closed Intervals that Contains All Points using Greedy Algorithm
Write a program to print the pattern
Python Program to Solve 0-1 Knapsack Problem using Dynamic Programming with Bottom-Up Approach
Please write a program which prints all permutations of [1,2,3]
Program to convert octal to decimal
Python Program to Demonstrate Circular Single Linked List
Python Program to Reverse a Given Number
Odd Even Sort Program in Python | Java | C | C++
Program to compute the area and perimeter of Heptagon
By using list comprehension, please write a program to print the list after removing delete numbers which are divisible by 5 and 7 in [12,24,35,70,88,120,155].
Python Program to Find Nth Node in the Inorder Traversal of a Tree
A website requires the users to input username and password to register. Write a program to check the validity of password input by users.Following are the criteria for checking the password1. At least 1 letter between [a-z]2. At least 1 number between [0-9]1. At least 1 letter between [A-Z]3. At least 1 character from [$#@]4. Minimum length of transaction password 65. Maximum length of transaction password 12Your program should accept a sequence of comma separated passwords and will check them according to the above criteria. Passwords that match the criteria are to be printed, each separated by a comma.
Python Program to Accept Three Digits and Print all Possible Combinations from the Digits
Define a class Person and its two child classes Male and Female. All classes have a method "getGender" which can print "Male" for Male class and "Female" for Female class.
Python Program to Find all Numbers in a Range which are Perfect Squares and Sum of all Digits in the Number is Less than 10
Program to convert kilometers into miles and meters
Python Program to Find the Product of two Numbers Using Recursion
Python Program to Implement Ternary Heap
Write a program which accepts a sequence of words separated by whitespace as input to print the words composed of digits only.
Program to check whether a matrix is a scalar or not
Python Program to Check whether a Tree is a Binary Search Tree
Find out all palindrome numbers present within a given range.
Reverse words in a given string
Python Program to Check String is Palindrome using Stack
Check if one array is a subset of another array or not
Python Program to Find All Nodes Reachable from a Node using BFS in a Graph
Find the 2nd smallest element in the array
Python Program to Search for an Element in the Linked List using Recursion
Python Program to Add Corresponding Positioned Elements of 2 Linked Lists
Python Program to Append the Contents of One File to Another File
Please write a program which accepts a string from console and print the characters that have even indexes.
Print odd numbers in given range using recursion
Bubble Sort Program in Python | Java | C | C++
Write a program that accepts sequence of lines as input and prints the lines after making all characters in the sentence capitalized.
Python Program to Implement Cocktail Shaker Sort
Program to find addition of two matrices
Find mean and median of unsorted array
Python Program that Displays which Letters are in the First String but not in the Second
Python Program to Implement Binary Search with Recursion
Python Program to Detect the Cycle in a Linked List
Please write a program to compress and decompress the string "hello world!hello world!hello world!hello world!".
Python Program to Interchange two Elements of the List without touching the Key Field
Write a program to print the pattern
Print Strong numbers in a given range(1 to n)
Program to convert Hexadecimal To Octal
Count the number of odd and even digits
Python Program to Solve Interval Scheduling Problem using Greedy Algorithm
Python Program to Print all the Prime Numbers within a Given Range
Find the maximum element in the matrix
Find the index of an element in an array
Program to print the Half Pyramid Number Pattern
Program to check whether a matrix is symmetric or not
Python Program to Implement Quicksort
Python Program to Count the Frequency of Words Appearing in a String Using a Dictionary
Program to Find the sum of a lower triangular matrix
Program to check whether the given number is even or odd
Python Program to Create a Class which Performs Basic Calculator Operations
Program to Print Cross Sign (╳ ) Star Pattern
Find out all Spy numbers present within a given range
Python Program to Implement Bubble Sort
Python Program to Construct a Binary Search Tree and perform deletion and inorder traversal
Program to print a to z in c using ascii value
Python Program to Implement Tower of Hanoi
Division Two Numbers Operator without using Division(/) operator
Python Program to Convert a given Singly Linked List to a Circular List
Python Program to Find the Sum of Digits in a Number
Python Program that Reads a Text File and Counts the Number of Times a Certain Letter Appears in the Text File
Write a program to calculate Amicable pairs
Python Program to Display all the Nodes in a Linked List using Recursion
Sort the elements of an array in ascending order
Print array in reverse order using recursion
Read a String with spaces
Python Program to Create a Mirror Copy of a Tree and Display using BFS Traversal
Program to Find sum of N Natural Numbers
Please write a binary search function which searches an item in a sorted list. The function should return the index of element to be searched in the list.
Write a program to swap three numbers
Python Program to Check if a Number is a Prime Number
Program to Print Cross Sign (╳ ) Number Pattern
Python Program to Implement Stack Using Two Queues
Python Program to Print Middle most Node of a Linked List
By using list comprehension, please write a program to print the list after removing the value 24 in [12,24,35,24,88,120,155].
Python Program to Print the Alternate Nodes in a Linked List without using Recursion
Define a class named Circle which can be constructed by a radius. The Circle class has a method which can compute the area.
Count number of the words in a String
Write a program to print the alphabet pattern
Convert decimal to binary using recursion
Python Program to Calculate the Length of a String Without Using a Library Function
Program to Calculate the surface area and volume of a Cylinder
Program to Find nth Sunny Number
Program to find the sum of series 1+2+3..+N
Python Program to Find the Intersection of Two Lists
Program to swap two numbers using third variable
Print Abundant numbers in a given range(1 to n)
Segregate 0s and 1s in an array
Write a program to print the alphabet pattern
Python Program to Take in the Marks of 5 Subjects and Display the Grade
Python Program to Create a Class in which One Method Accepts a String from the User and Another Prints it
Python Program to Implement Binary Insertion Sort
Print array elements using recursion
Python Program to Find Element Occurring Odd Number of Times in a List
Binary search Program using recursion
Python Program to find the factorial of a number without recursion
Program to Check whether two strings are same or not
Program to Find subtraction of two matrices
Python Program to Flatten a Nested List using Recursion
Python Program to Implement Breadth-First Search on a Graph
Python Program to Print a Topological Sorting of a Directed Acyclic Graph using DFS
Find the maximum occurring character in given string
Python Program to Find if Undirected Graph contains Cycle using BFS
Insert an element into an array at a specified position
Find the square of a number accept from user
Separate positive and negative numbers in an array
Count repeated characters in a string
Python Program to Find the first Common Element between the 2 given Linked Lists
Python Program to Find All Connected Components using BFS in an Undirected Graph
Program to find the sum of series 1^1+2^2+3^3...+N^N
Program to Find square of a matrix
Python Program to Count Number of Lowercase Characters in a String
Capitalize the first and last letter of every word in a string
By using list comprehension, please write a program generate a 3*5*8 3D array whose each element is 0.
Find the largest digit in a number
Find the 2nd largest element in the array
Print all the Even numbers from 1 to n
Python Program to Implement Queue
Find the sum of all diagonal elements of a matrix
Program to Find subtraction of two matrices
Define a function that can convert a integer into a string and print it in console.
Program to compute the area of Trapezoid
Find GCD of two numbers using recursion
Python Program to Implement Depth First Search Traversal using Post Order
Program to find the sum of series 1^1+2^2+3^3...+N^N
Print the average marks obtained by a student in five tests
Python Program to Find All Nodes Reachable from a Node using DFS in a Graph
Program to print series 0,6,10,17,22,30,36...N
Program to print square pattern of numbers
Program to display a lower triangular matrix
Python Program to Implement Depth-First Search on a Graph without Recursion
Please generate a random float where the value is between 5 and 95 using Python math module.
Python Program to Check whether a Singly Linked List is a Palindrome
Program to find sum of series 1+4+9+16+25+.....+N
Program to Find the sum of series 9+99+999.....+N
Python Program to Read Two Numbers and Print Their Quotient and Remainder
Python Program to Find the Sum of the Series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + ….. + 1/N
Program to print the Solid Inverted Half Diamond Number Pattern
Remove duplicate characters from a given string
Find lexicographic rank of a given string
Python Program to Count the Number of Occurrences of an Element in the Linked List without using Recursion
Find out all Automorphic numbers present within a given range
Program to display a lower triangular matrix
Check if a string contains only digits
Program to Calculate the surface area and volume of a Cone
Define a custom exception class which takes a string message as attribute.
Python Program to Replace all Occurrences of ‘a’ with $ in a String
Find the LCM of two numbers using recursion
Python Program to Remove the Duplicate Items from a List
Check if given number is palindrome using recursion
Move all zeros to the Start of an Array
Please write a program to generate a list with 5 random numbers between 100 and 200 inclusive.
Count how many consonants present in a String
Python Program to Print DFS Numbering of a Graph
Linear search Program using recursion
Python Program to Implement Dijkstra’s Shortest Path Algorithm
Define a function that can convert a integer into a string and print it in console.
Find the length of the string without using the inbuilt function
Write a program which can filter() to make a list whose elements are even number between 1 and 20 (both included).
Define a function that can accept two strings as input and concatenate them and then print it in console.
Binary to Decimal conversion using recursion
Python Program to Convert Binary to Gray Code
Program to convert octal to binary
Program to print series 2 4 7 12 21 ...N
Program to check two matrix are equal or not
Reverse a given string using recursion
Write a program which can compute the factorial of a given numbers.The results should be printed in a comma-separated sequence on a single line.
Program to print series 1 2 5 8 15 28 51 94 ...N
Python Program to Find the Power of a Number Using Recursion
Python Program to Check if Expression is correctly Parenthesized
Count how many vowels present in a string
Convert Octal to decimal using recursion
Python Program to Find the Largest Element in a Doubly Linked List
Python Program to Find if Undirected Graph contains Cycle using DFS
Program to Find nth Spy Number
Find out how many 1 and 0 in a given number.
Program to check two matrix are equal or not
Find the Longest word in a string
Python Program to Convert Gray Code to Binary
Python Program to Implement a Stack
Python Program to solve Maximum Subarray Problem using Divide and Conquer
Write a program that accepts a comma separated sequence of words as input and prints the words in a comma-separated sequence after sorting them alphabetically.
Program to calculate the LCM of two numbers
Count inversions in an array
Python Program to Generate a Dictionary that Contains Numbers (between 1 and n) in the Form (x,x*x).
Python Program to Reverse a String without using Recursion
Python Program to Count all Paths in a Grid with Holes using Dynamic Programming with Bottom-Up Approach
Python Program to Read Height in Centimeters and then Convert the Height to Feet and Inches
Please write a program to output a random number, which is divisible by 5 and 7, between 0 and 10 inclusive using random module and list comprehension.
Python Program to Read the Contents of a File
Please write a program using generator to print the even numbers between 0 and n in comma separated form while n is input by console.
Define a function that can receive two integral numbers in string form and compute their sum and then print it in console.
By using list comprehension, please write a program to print the list after removing the 0th,4th,5th numbers in [12,24,35,70,88,120,155].
Print the Full Inverted Pyramid Alphabet Pattern
Please write a program which accepts basic mathematic expression from console and print the evaluation result.
Print vowels in a string
Python Program to Merge Two Lists and Sort it
Max sum contiguous subarray
Python Program to Find All Numbers which are Odd and Palindromes Between a Range of Numbers without using Recursion
Program to Print Cube Number series 1 8 27 64...N
Python Program to Implement Merge Sort
Program to reverse a string without using the reverse function
Write a program which can map() to make a list whose elements are square of numbers between 1 and 20 (both included).
Program to find the sum of series 1^2+2^2+3^2...+N^2
Program to find the transpose of a matrix
Program to Find the Biggest of three numbers
Python Program to Form an Integer that has the Number of Digits at Ten's Place and the Least Significant Digit of the Entered Integer at One's Place
Define a function which can generate and print a list where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 20 (both included).
Multiply two numbers using recursion
Write C|Java|C++|Python Program to compute 1/N!
Program to print the Solid Half Diamond Star Pattern
Define a class which has at least two methodsgetString to get a string from console inputprintString to print the string in upper case.Also please include simple test function to test the class methods.
Count number of digits in a number using recursion
Program to Print the Hollow Rectangle Star Pattern
Program to check two strings are anagrams or not
Python Program to Implement Introsort
Python Program to Search the Number of Times a Particular Number Occurs in a List
Print perfect square numbers in a given range
Find maximum and minimum elements in array using recursion
Write a program to print the alphabet pattern
Capitalize First letter of each word in String
Python Program to Compute a Polynomial Equation given that the Coefficients of the Polynomial are stored in a List
Write a program which accepts a string as input to print "Yes" if the string is "yes" or "YES" or "Yes", otherwise print "No".
Convert Uppercase to Lowercase using string function
Program to print inverted pyramid star pattern
Python Program to Find the Sum of All Nodes in a Binary Tree
Find sum of even numbers using recursion in an array
Write a program to read an ASCII string and to convert it to a unicode string encoded by utf-8.
Program to Find the sum of a lower triangular matrix
Program to print the Inverted Half Pyramid Number Pattern
Find the median of two unsorted arrays
Program to Find the multiplication of two matrices
Python Program to Print all Integers that Aren't Divisible by Either 2 or 3 and Lie between 1 and 50.
Program to Find Surface area and volume of a sphere
Find out all Neon numbers present within a given range
Find the First Capital Letter in a given String
Convert Lowercase to Uppercase without using the inbuilt function
Find out all Pronic numbers present within a given range
Python Program to Display the Nodes of a Linked List in Reverse using Recursion
Python Program to Check if a String is a Palindrome or Not
Find out all Evil numbers present within a given range
Program to Find Nth Abundant Number
Python Program to Implement Dequeue
Check a given number is an Automorphic number or not
Merging two unsorted arrays of different lengths
Python Program to Print the Pascal's triangle for n number of rows given by the user
Python Program to Find the Sum of the Digits of the Number Recursively
Check a given number is an Armstrong Number
Python Program to Implement Circular Doubly Linked List
Python Program to Copy the Contents of One File into Another
Add between 2 numbers without using arithmetic operators
Write a program to sum of all digits of a number.
Python Program to Find the Sum of the Series 1 + x^2/2 + x^3/3 + … x^n/n
Program to Calculate the surface area and volume of a Cuboid
Find frequency of characters in a string
Program to Find the sum of series 1/1!+1/2!+1/3!.....+1/N!
Find reverse of a number using recursion
Python Program that Displays which Letters are in the Two Strings but not in Both
Program to Find the sum of series 1/2+2/3+3/4.....+(N-1)/N
Python Program to Find the Sum of Sine Series
Python Program to Create a List of Tuples with the First Element as the Number and Second Element as the Square of the Number
Python Program to Clear the Rightmost Set Bit of a Number
Print a string using an array
Check whether a given number is a Harshad number or not
delete an element from an array
Python has many built-in functions, and if you do not know how to use it, you can read document online or find some books. But Python has a built-in document function for every built-in functions.    Please write a program to print some Python built-in functions documents, such as abs(), int(), raw_input()    And add document for your own function
Python Program to Implement Binary Heap
Program to Find the sum of series 2+4+6+8.....+N
Python Program to Find the LCM of Two Numbers Using Recursion
Program to read and display a Matrix
Find the type of the array
Find out all Harshad numbers present within a given range
Find length of string using recursion
Program to print series 1,-2,6,-15,31...N
Program to compute the area and perimeter of Pentagon
Python Program to Find the Sum of Cosine Series
Find the smallest element in the array
Find the sum of all elements in a 2D Array
Write a program to solve a classic ancient Chinese puzzle We count 35 heads and 94 legs among the chickens and rabbits in a farm. How many rabbits and how many chickens do we have?Hint
Write a program to print the alphabet pattern
Check whether a given number is an Abundant number or not
Program to Find sum of series 1-2+3-4+5...+N
Python Program to Read a List of Words and Return the Length of the Longest One
Print Average of Numbers in array at even position
Print First 50 natural numbers using recursion
Check whether number is Disarium Number or Not
Define a class with a generator which can iterate the numbers, which are divisible by 7, between a given range 0 and n.
Python Program to Map Two Lists into a Dictionary
Print the Hollow Diamond Number Pattern
Program to find the sum of an upper triangular matrix
Python Program to Check if a Number is an Armstrong Number
Python Program to Find the Fibonacci Series without Using Recursion
Python Program to Read a String from the User and Append it into a File
Remove all lowercase characters in the string
Print prime numbers in a given range(1 to n)
Python Program to Check Common Letters in Two Input Strings
Python Program to Print Nth Node from the last of a Linked List
Program to convert seconds to hour, minute and seconds
Python Program to Display the Nodes of a Tree using BFS Traversal
Check given string is palindrome or not
Python Program to Implement Stack using One Queue
Program to print the Full Pyramid Number Pattern
Python Program to Print an Inverted Star Pattern
Write a program to print the alphabet pattern
Print lists occurring elements in an array
Python Program to Find the Sum of Digits in a Number without Recursion
Python Program to Print Sum of Negative Numbers, Positive Even Numbers and Positive Odd numbers in a List
Python Program to Implement D-ary-Heap
Python Program to Read the Contents of a File in Reverse Order
Define a function which can print a dictionary where the keys are numbers between 1 and 3 (both included) and the values are square of keys.
Program to check whether a matrix is a scalar or not
Python Program to Find the Union of two Lists
Python Program to Implement Queue Data Structure using Linked List
Print a unicode string "hello world".
Please write a program to generate all sentences where subject is in ["I", "You"] and verb is in ["Play", "Love"] and the object is in ["Hockey","Football"].
Check whether a given number is a perfect square number or not.
Python Program to Calculate the Average of Numbers in a Given List
Check whether number is Pronic Number or Not
Check if given String is palindrome using recursion
Find maximum product of 3 numbers in an array
Print all the odd numbers from 1 to n
Program to print series 10,5,60,15,110...N
Program to find sum of series (1+(1+2)+(1+2+3)+...till N)
Program to Find the sum of series 3+33+333.....+N
Python Program to Remove the ith Occurrence of the Given Word in a List where Words can Repeat
Program to convert Hexadecimal to Decimal
Program to Find square of a matrix
Find factorial of a number using recursion
Find the sum of Even numbers using recursion
Write a program to find the nth strong number
Python Program to Implement Graph
program to find the prime factors of a number
Please write a program to shuffle and print the list [3,6,7,8].
Please write a program to randomly generate a list with 5 numbers, which are divisible by 5 and 7 , between 1 and 1000 inclusive.
Python Program to Take in Two Strings and Display the Larger String without Using Built-in Functions
Write a program to print the alphabet pattern
Program to Find the sum of series 1+11+111.....+N
Program to swap two numbers without third variable
Python Program to Implement Bellman-Ford Algorithm
Python Program to Count the Number of Blank Spaces in a Text File
Print the Solid Diamond Number Pattern
With a given tuple (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10), write a program to print the first half values in one line and the last half values in one line.
Find sum of Odd numbers using recursion in an array
Write a program to compute the frequency of the words from the input. The output should output after sorting the key alphanumerically.
Please write a program to print the list after removing delete even numbers in [5,6,77,45,22,12,24].
Python Program to Exchange the Values of Two Numbers Without Using a Temporary Variable
Python Program to Check if a Date is Valid and Print the Incremented Date if it is
Find the sum of all diagonal elements of a matrix
Python Program to Compute Simple Interest Given all the Required Values
Program to Find nth Happy Number
Write a program to print the pattern
Find out all Magic numbers present within a given range
Program to find the sum of an upper triangular matrix
Please write assert statements to verify that every number in the list [2,4,6,8] is even.
Please write a program which count and print the numbers of each character in a string input by console.
Find out all Armstrong numbers present within a given range
Python Program to Implement Gnome Sort
Program to print Triangular Number series 1 3 6 10 15 ...N
Python Program to Find Shortest Path From a Vertex using BFS in an Unweighted Graph
Python Program to Find if Undirected Graph is Bipartite using DFS
Subtract Two Numbers Operator without using Minus(-) operator
Python Program to Find Longest Common Subsequence using Dynamic Programming with Memoization
Python Program to Print the Alternate Nodes in a Linked List using Recursion
Program to Find the factorial of a number
Quick Sort Program in Python | Java | C | C++
Move all zeros to the end of an Array
Write C|Java|C++|Python Program to compute x^n/n!
Python Program to Find the Binary Equivalent of a Number Recursively
Python Program to Read a Number n and Print the Natural Numbers Summation Pattern
Python Program to Print an Identity Matrix
The Fibonacci Sequence is computed based on the following formulaf(n)=0 if n=0f(n)=1 if n=1f(n)=f(n-1)+f(n-2) if n>1Please write a program to compute the value of f(n) with a given n input by console.
Please write a program which accepts a string from console and print it in reverse order.
Sort array in ascending order using recursion
Check whether a given number is a perfect number or not
Program to find sum of series 1!+2!+3!...+n!
Python Program to Check if a String is a Pangram or Not
Program to Find area and perimeter of a square
Write a program that calculates and prints the value according to the given formulaQ = Square root of [(2 * C * D)/H]Following are the fixed values of C and HC is 50. H is 30.D is the variable whose values should be input to your program in a comma-separated sequence.
Python Program to Find the Gravitational Force Acting Between Two Objects
Print the ASCII value of character in a String
Check prime number using Recursion
Find lexicographic rank of a given string
Find the largest element in the array
Program to print the Solid Half Diamond Alphabet Pattern
Write a program to find the nth strong number
Program to Find the sum of a lower triangular matrix
Python Program to Implement Insertion Sort
Add between 2 numbers without using arithmetic operators
Program to calculate speed in km/hr
Program to convert binary to decimal using while loop
Program to find the normal and trace of a matrix
Program to find sum of series 1!/1+2!/2+3!/3+4!/4+5!/5 ...+n!/n
Python Program to Find Minimum Spanning Tree using Prim’s Algorithm
Print numbers from 1 to 100 using for loop
Python Program to Find the Sum of all Nodes in a Tree
Print the Full Inverted Pyramid Number Pattern
Program to find sum of series 1/2-2/3+3/4-4/5+5/6...+N/N+1
Check whether number is Happy Number or Not
Find the length of the string using the inbuilt function
Python Program to Take in a String and Replace Every Blank Space with Hyphen
Python Program to Find the Cumulative Sum of a List where the ith Element is the Sum of the First i+1 Elements From The Original List
Program to enter basic salary and calculate gross salary of an employee
Python Program to Solve Rod Cutting Problem using Dynamic Programming with Bottom-Up Approach
Python Program to Check Whether a String is a Palindrome or not Using Recursion
Program to Find the sum of series 1³+2³+3³+4³.....+N³
Write C|Java|C++|Python Program to compute x^n/n!
Program to Convert Hexadecimal Number to Binary
Write a method which can calculate square value of number
Find out all Happy numbers present within a given range
Python Program to Print only Nodes in Left SubTree
Print Average of Numbers in array at Odd position
With two given lists [1,3,6,78,35,55] and [12,24,35,24,88,120,155], write a program to make a list whose elements are intersection of the above given lists.
Sum of elements in array using recursion
Find the sum of negative and positive numbers in array
Python Program to Check if a Number is a Perfect Number
Python Program to Find Whether a Number is a Power of Two
Python Program to Select the ith Smallest Element from a List in Expected Linear Time
Program to print all alphabets from A to Z using loop
Program to find the sum of series 1+3+5+7..+N
Find the Minimum occurring character in given string
Program to Find subtraction of two matrices
Define a function which can generate and print a tuple where the value are square of numbers between 1 and 20 (both included).
Python Program to Create a Class and Get All Possible Subsets from a Set of Distinct Integers
Python Program to Print All Permutations of a String in Lexicographic Order using Recursion
Python Program to Remove the nth Index Character from a Non-Empty String
Write a Program to Find the nth Prime Number
Find words ending with given characters(suffix)
Python Program to Implement Linear Search
Python Program to Solve n-Queen Problem with Recursion
Python Program to Swap the First and Last Value of a List
Write a program to print the alphabet pattern
Program to convert a decimal number to Binary
Find the sum of digits of a number using recursion
Check if a string contains at least one Number
Define a function which can generate a dictionary where the keys are numbers between 1 and 20 (both included) and the values are square of keys. The function should just print the values only.
Program to print series -1 4 -7 10 -13 16 -19...n
Python Program to Print nth Fibonacci Number using Dynamic Programming with Bottom-Up Approach
Find the First small Letter in a given String
Program to compute the area and perimeter of Octagon
Python Program to Check if a Number is a Palindrome
Print multiplication table using recursion
Python Program to Form a New String Made of the First 2 and Last 2 characters From a Given String
Program to find the sum of series 1+X+X^3...+X^N
Program to print Arithmetic series 1 4 7 10...N
Check whether a given matrix is an identity matrix or not
Program to print ascii value of a character
Find subtraction of two numbers using recursion
Program to Find subtraction of two matrices
Python Program to Find if Undirected Graph is Bipartite using BFS
Program to find sum of series 1+1/3+1/5+1/7+.....1/(N+2)
Use a list comprehension to square each odd number in a list. The list is input by a sequence of comma-separated numbers.
Python Program to Find the Second Largest Number in a List
Find a pair with maximum product in array
Program to display an upper triangular matrix
Python Program to Find Minimum Spanning Tree using Krusal’s Algorithm
Check whether number is Magic Number or Not.
Program to Find the sum of series 3+7+13+21.....+N
Python Program to Solve the Celebrity Problem
Python Program to Find the Sum of First N Natural Numbers
Python Program to Implement Selection Sort
Find first non repeating character in a string
Program to Find nth Perfect Square Number
Program to find the transpose of a matrix
Program to find the normal and trace of a matrix
Python Program to Find the Factorial of a Number Using Recursion
Find sum of series 1^1/1+2^2/2+3^3/3...+n^n/n
Python Program that Displays which Letters are Present in Both the Strings
Program to display an upper triangular matrix
Python Program to Multiply All the Items in a Dictionary
Program to Sort an array in Descending order
Python Program to Print Border of given Tree in Anticlockwise Direction
Find out all Sunny numbers present within a given range
Define a class named American which has a static method called printNationality.
Program to Print the Double Pyramid Star Pattern
Python Program to Count the Occurrences of a Word in a Text File
Check if two arrays are the disjoint or not
Program to read and display a Matrix
Python Program to Find if a Number is Prime or Not Prime Using Recursion
Find sum multiplication and an average of two numbers
Find sum of two numbers using recursion
Python Program to Count the Number of Words in a Text File
Python Program to Check if a Given Key Exists in a Dictionary or Not
Print the Full Pyramid Number Pattern
Python Program to Check Whether a Number is Positive or Negative
The Fibonacci Sequence is computed based on the following formulaf(n)=0 if n=0f(n)=1 if n=1f(n)=f(n-1)+f(n-2) if n>1Please write a program using list comprehension to print the Fibonacci Sequence in comma separated form with a given n input by console.
Please raise a RuntimeError exception.
Program to print inverted right triangle alphabet pattern
Program to find the sum of series 1+X+X^2/2...+X^N/N
Develop an image processing library with capabilities to read different image formats and perform tasks like resizing, cropping, rotation, and applying filters such as grayscale, blur, and edge detection. Incorporate features like histogram equalization and contrast enhancement. Design the library for modularity, efficiency, and user-friendliness, offering comprehensive documentation and code examples.
Develop an automated stock trading algorithm. Analyze historical stock price data to identify trends and make informed decisions regarding buying or selling. Implement techniques like moving averages, Bollinger Bands, and RSI analysis. Integrate risk management, portfolio diversification, and adjustable parameters based on risk profiles. Create a simulation environment for backtesting and presenting outcomes.
Create a natural langauge processin pipeline in Python. Include preprocessing tasks such as tokenization, stemming, and removing stop-words. Implement part-of-speech tagging, named entity recognition, sentiment analysis, and document summarization. Utilize pre-trained word embeddings and demonstrate training custom embeddings. Offer a user-friendly interface for input and NLP insights.
Design and create a multiplayer online game using a client-server setup. Enable real-time interactions among multiple players. Implement game mechanics, player movement, collision detection, and scoring functionality. Establish a lobby for player engagement and incorporate a chat system. Ensure synchronization of game state on the server and address security concerns like cheating.
Develop a drone navigation system capable of navigating complex environments, avoiding obstacles, and reaching designated locations. Utilize cameras or depth sensors for obstacle detection and integrate SLAM techniques for mapping. Implement control algorithms for movement and safety considerations.
Design a comprehensive healthcare analytics platform capable of handling substantial medical data, including electronic health records, images, and reports. Implement machine learning models for disease prediction, patient risk assessment, and treatment recommendations. Ensure adherence to privacy regulations and provide interactive dashboards for healthcare professionals.
Develop an autonomous robotic arm manipulation system with the ability to grasp, lift, and manipulate objects within a dynamic environment. Utilize computer vision techniques for object detection, path planning, and arm movement control. Implement a user interface for specifying tasks and visualizing arm actions.
Develop a mobile social media application with features for establishing connections between users and sharing posts. Allow users to interact through likes and comments, and include a notification system. Prioritize user-friendly design and ensure cross-device compatibility.
Develop a machine learning model to classify images. Train the model using a substantial dataset. Incorporate convolutional and fully connected layers into the architecture. Evaluate the model's performance through testing and display the outcomes.
Design an online marketplace featuring products, shopping carts, and a checkout process. Users should be able to add items to their carts and complete purchases. Ensure the integration of secure payment methods and optimize the website's cross-browser compatibility.
Develop a data analysis program that reads input data, performs mathematical operations, and generates graphical representations. Utilize relevant libraries to facilitate these tasks. Provide code examples to illustrate the process of data analysis.
Create a fitness tracking application to log workouts and calorie consumption. Allow users to set goals and monitor their progress. Implement features to recommend workouts and dietary plans. Prioritize an appealing user interface and ensure cross-platform functionality on both Android and iOS devices.
Develop a smart home automation system to manage lighting, thermostats, and security cameras. Enable users to schedule actions and remotely control devices. Implement voice control functionality and ensure interoperability with a wide range of smart devices.
Create an educational platform featuring courses, video content, and quizzes. Allow students to enroll in courses and monitor their learning journey. Implement interactive learning materials and a platform for student discussions. Prioritize user-friendly navigation and cross-browser compatibility.
Develop a traffic simulation software that simulates the behavior of cars, traffic lights, and intersections. Model various traffic scenarios to observe flow and congestion patterns. Enable users to modify simulation parameters and visualize the effects through graphs and animations.
Design a language learning application offering lessons, quizzes, and pronunciation exercises. Allow users to choose languages and monitor their learning progress. Implement gamified features and enable offline access. Prioritize responsive design and cross-device compatibility.
Develop a financial analysis program capable of processing numerical data and performing calculations. Incorporate features for generating graphs and charts to facilitate data visualization. Utilize relevant libraries and provide code samples to illustrate the implementation.
Design a travel booking website offering services for flights, hotels, and car rentals. Allow users to search and make bookings. Implement a user login system and ensure the integration of secure payment methods. Prioritize an appealing design and guarantee mobile responsiveness.
Develop an automation script capable of executing tasks without requiring user input. Utilize loops and conditional statements for logical flow. Provide illustrative examples of tasks that can be automated using the script.
Create an inventory management system to monitor products and their quantities. Enable users to perform actions like adding and removing items. Implement notifications for low stock levels and include features for generating reports.
Design a weather forecasting application that displays current weather conditions, forecasts, and radar maps. Allow users to input locations and receive weather notifications. Prioritize an appealing user interface and ensure cross-platform functionality.
Develop an e-commerce platform featuring product listings, shopping carts, and a checkout process. Enable user account creation and provide access to order history. Implement secure payment gateways and prioritize data privacy measures.
Design a fitness wearable device capable of monitoring step count, heart rate, and calories burned. Allow users to set fitness goals and receive relevant notifications. Prioritize an appealing design and ensure seamless smartphone integration.
Develop a home security system incorporating cameras, sensors, and alarms. Enable remote monitoring and alert notifications for users. Integrate with other smart home devices and prioritize system reliability.
Design a virtual reality game featuring immersive environments, interactive elements, and various challenges. Allow users to explore the virtual world and engage in tasks. Implement multiplayer capabilities and prioritize optimized performance on VR platforms.
Develop a social networking platform encompassing user profiles, content sharing, and connection features. Enable users to interact through posts and establish connections. Implement robust privacy settings and prioritize intuitive user experience.
Develop a software for project management that handles tasks and schedules. Allow users to assign work and monitor progress. Integrate notification features and offer reporting capabilities.
Design an online education platform offering courses, quizzes, and assignments. Allow students to enroll in courses and access learning materials. Implement a discussion forum and enable tracking of progress.
Create a mobile app for personal finance that tracks expenses, budgets, and savings goals. Allow users to set financial targets and receive notifications. Prioritize visual appeal and ensure compatibility on different devices.
Develop an AI-powered chatbot for customer support that responds to inquiries and offers assistance. Allow users to engage in conversations and access information. Utilize machine learning techniques and provide examples of chatbot interactions.
Design a transportation booking system capable of managing bookings for different modes of transportation. Allow users to choose routes and make reservations. Implement secure payment processing and ensure data security.
Develop a program for scientific simulations involving complex calculations and simulations. Implement graphical representation for visualizing outcomes. Utilize libraries for scientific computation and present code examples.
Design a virtual art gallery showcasing artworks and enabling visitors to navigate exhibits. Allow users to zoom in for details and leave comments. Implement an interactive user experience and optimize performance for diverse devices.
Develop a medical record system for storing patient information, medical history, and appointments. Allow users to access records and make appointment requests. Implement security measures to safeguard sensitive data.
Create a social networking platform with user profiles, content sharing, and connection features. Allow users to interact through posts and establish connections. Implement privacy settings and prioritize user-friendly interactions.
Develop a smart home control app to manage devices such as lights, thermostats, and appliances. Enable users to create automation routines and control devices remotely. Incorporate voice commands and ensure smooth integration with smart home technologies.
Design a mobile app for messaging, incorporating individual and group chat functionalities. Enable users to send both text and image messages. Additionally, integrate notification features.
Develop a program for generating reports by processing data and creating summaries. Utilize graphs for visual representation. Provide code examples to illustrate its usage.
Create software for inventory tracking, responsible for managing products and their quantities. Allow users to add or remove items from the inventory. Implement alerts for low stock quantities.
Develop a platform for sharing recipes, encompassing written recipes and instructional videos. Enable users to upload their own recipes and leave comments. Ensure a searchable interface for easy recipe discovery.
Develop a program for time tracking, capable of recording hours and minutes. Incorporate a calendar view for visualizing time entries and enable users to add events. Additionally, implement a reminder system.
Design an app for navigation that displays maps and suggests routes. Allow users to input destinations and receive turn-by-turn directions. Integrate GPS functionality and provide voice-guided instructions.
Create an AI tool for language translation, supporting various languages. Allow users to input text and receive corresponding translations. Additionally, integrate the capability to accept voice input.
Design a time management system to aid in scheduling and task organization. Allow users to create to-do lists and set alarms for tasks. Incorporate a calendar view for visualizing events and appointments.
Develop a virtual reality game offering immersive experiences and challenging gameplay. Allow users to interact with the virtual environment and solve puzzles. Integrate support for a multiplayer mode for enhanced social gameplay.
Create a platform for music streaming, featuring a library of songs and customizable playlists. Enable users to create and manage their playlists and follow their favorite artists. Additionally, incorporate a radio feature for diverse music discovery.
Design a mobile app for social networking that includes user profiles and posts. Allow users to share content and follow each other. Additionally, prioritize an appealing visual design.
Develop a program for automating repetitive tasks to improve efficiency and minimize errors. Utilize loops and conditional statements for logical flow. Provide examples of tasks that can be automated using the program.
Design a mobile game that offers an enjoyable and captivating experience. Allow users to play solo or engage in multiplayer mode. Incorporate multiple levels and provide rewards for achievements. Additionally, enhance the game with sound effects.
Construct a platform for online learning, featuring courses and video content. Allow users to access educational resources and engage in learning activities. Additionally, implement assessments to evaluate and test knowledge.
Create an app focused on health and fitness, designed to support users in maintaining their well-being and monitoring their progress. Allow users to input relevant data and establish health goals. Additionally, offer practical tips and advice for a healthier lifestyle.
Develop a program for language translation, capable of processing text and translating it into various languages. Utilize machine learning techniques and provide guidance on training the program.
Design an entertainment platform offering movies, TV shows, and music content. Allow users to watch movies and shows and listen to music. Additionally, implement the capability to access content offline.
Develop a system for online shopping, responsible for processing transactions and managing orders. Allow users to browse items and complete purchases. Additionally, integrate a secure payment gateway to ensure safe transactions.
Create a tool for creative design, aiming to assist users in generating visual content. Allow users to incorporate elements and adjust layouts. Additionally, offer a variety of templates to spark inspiration.
Construct an app for communication, featuring capabilities for messaging and making calls. Allow users to establish connections and exchange information with others. Additionally, provide the ability to share multimedia content.
Develop a data analysis tool using machine learning techniques. This software should process datasets and provide intelligent insights. Utilize machine learning libraries and provide illustrative examples of its application.
Construct a web-based platform for machine learning. The platform should manage datasets and generate predictions. Users can upload data and observe the outcomes. Additionally, provide interactive functionalities to enable user experimentation.
Create an image recognition tool using machine learning algorithms. This software should identify objects in images. Utilize advanced machine learning libraries and provide illustrative examples of its application.
Design a sentiment analysis program using machine learning methods. This software should analyze text and determine emotions or sentiments. Utilize specific machine learning techniques and provide illustrative examples of its application.
Develop a machine learning library tailored for classification tasks. This library should enable making predictions based on input data. Utilize established machine learning libraries and provide illustrative examples of its usage.
Code a software for text generation utilizing machine learning techniques. This software should produce human-like text. Utilize machine learning libraries and provide illustrative examples to demonstrate its functionality.
Create a machine learning platform for recommendations. The platform should provide suggestions to users based on their preferences. Users can view recommendations and explore them. Additionally, allow users to personalize and customize their preferences.
Design a system for deploying machine learning models into production. This system should enable putting models to practical use. Utilize appropriate machine learning technologies and provide illustrative examples of deployment.
Develop a tool for anomaly detection using machine learning techniques. This tool should identify unusual patterns in data. Utilize machine learning libraries and provide illustrative examples of its application.
Construct a platform for conducting machine learning experiments. This platform should facilitate data exploration and model testing. Users can experiment with different approaches and observe outcomes. Additionally, provide functionalities for saving results.
Develop a software testing tool to aid in identifying bugs and issues. Utilize testing libraries and provide illustrative examples of its application to demonstrate its effectiveness.
Construct a web-based platform for software development. The platform should manage code and facilitate its execution. Users can upload code and observe the output. Additionally, provide collaborative features to enable cooperation among users.
Create a code refactoring tool designed to enhance code quality and readability. Utilize code analysis techniques and provide illustrative examples to demonstrate its application and benefits.
Design a version control program utilizing a specific tool. This software should facilitate the management of code changes. Utilize established version control systems and provide illustrative examples of their usage.
Create a software library for data serialization, allowing data conversion to different formats. Utilize various serialization techniques and provide illustrative examples to demonstrate its capabilities.
Develop a system for software deployment utilizing a specific tool. This system should facilitate the transition of code to a production environment. Utilize appropriate deployment technologies and provide illustrative examples of their usage.
Create a software platform for project management utilizing a specific tool. This platform should manage tasks and project timelines. Users can assign tasks, monitor progress, and engage in communication.
Design a software tool for generating documentation from code. This widget should automatically create documentation based on the code. Utilize documentation generators and provide illustrative examples of their usage.
Construct a code analysis tool utilizing a specific technology. This tool should review code and pinpoint potential issues. Utilize relevant analysis techniques and provide illustrative examples of their application.
Develop a platform for collaborative software development utilizing a specific technology. This platform should foster teamwork and code sharing. Users can contribute to projects and monitor code changes. Additionally, provide features for discussions and communication.
Develop a simple web application using the Flask framework. This application should display the text "Hello, World!" on the homepage. Additionally, implement routes to handle different URLs. Utilize Flask functions and provide illustrative code examples to demonstrate the implementation.
Create a data analysis tool leveraging the Pandas library. The tool should read data from a CSV file, conduct basic calculations, and present fundamental statistics. Utilize Pandas methods for data manipulation and computation. Provide code snippets to exemplify the process.
Design a machine learning model that performs classification tasks using the Scikit-Learn library. The model should load a dataset, partition it into training and testing subsets, and subsequently train a classifier. Implement relevant Scikit-Learn functions and provide code samples to illustrate the procedure.
Create a text processing tool utilizing the NLTK library. The tool should tokenize a given sentence, apply stemming to words, and identify named entities within the text. Employ NLTK functions and offer code examples to clarify the process.
Develop a web scraping script utilizing the Beautiful Soup library. The script should extract data from an HTML page, locate particular elements, and extract their content. Employ Beautiful Soup methods for parsing and data retrieval. Provide code snippets to illustrate the process.
Design a program that interacts with a database by utilizing the SQLAlchemy library. The program should define a database schema, establish a connection to the database, and execute CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations. Utilize SQLAlchemy functions and provide code examples to demonstrate the interactions.
Develop a Flask web route that responds to a specific URL by displaying the text "Hello, World!". Implement the necessary route handling using Flask functions and provide code examples to illustrate the process.
Create a Pandas script that loads data from a CSV file, computes the mean and standard deviation of a specific column, and presents the calculated statistics. Utilize Pandas methods for data manipulation and statistical calculations. Provide code snippets to exemplify the steps involved.
Design a machine learning task using Scikit-Learn to train a linear regression model on a provided dataset. The model should predict a target variable based on input features. Employ Scikit-Learn functions for model training and evaluation. Offer code samples to elucidate the process.
Develop a text sentiment analysis tool using NLTK to tokenize a sentence, perform sentiment analysis, and classify its polarity. Utilize NLTK functions to process the text and assess the conveyed sentiment. Provide code examples to illustrate the steps involved.
Build a web scraping script using Beautiful Soup to extract specific elements from an HTML page, retrieve their content, and store the gathered data. Utilize Beautiful Soup methods for data extraction and manipulation. Provide code snippets to demonstrate the process.
Create a program that interacts with a database using SQLAlchemy. Define a database schema, insert data into tables, and execute queries to retrieve records. Utilize SQLAlchemy functions for database manipulation and retrieval. Provide code samples to elucidate the interactions.
Develop a deep neural network model using PyTorch to classify images from the CIFAR-10 dataset. Preprocess the data, design the model architecture, and train the model. Utilize PyTorch functions for data manipulation and model training. Provide detailed code examples to elucidate the entire process.
Construct a recurrent neural network (RNN) model using Keras for sequence-to-sequence prediction. The model should process sequential data and incorporate LSTM layers for memory retention. Utilize Keras functions to build the model architecture and demonstrate its application with detailed code examples.
Design a Java program that demonstrates a binary search tree (BST) data structure. Implement fundamental operations including insertion, deletion, and traversal (e.g., in-order, pre-order, post-order). Showcase mastery of Java's object-oriented concepts and provide comprehensive code examples illustrating each operation.
Develop a Scala application using Apache Spark and Stanford NLP to perform sentiment analysis on real-time Twitter data streams. Process the incoming data using Spark's stream processing capabilities and apply machine learning techniques for sentiment analysis. Provide detailed Scala code examples to illustrate the implementation of the entire pipeline.
Develop a PySpark script that demonstrates an end-to-end data processing and analysis workflow. Load data from a CSV file, apply data transformation using Spark SQL, and employ PySpark's machine learning functionalities to predict a target variable. Showcase a comprehensive PySpark code example to elucidate the entire process.
Execute data preprocessing on a dataset using Python. The process should encompass addressing missing values, encoding categorical variables, and scaling features. Leverage Python libraries, such as Pandas and Scikit-Learn, to demonstrate each step with comprehensive code examples.
Undertake statistical analysis on a provided dataset using R. Incorporate descriptive statistics, hypothesis testing, and distribution visualization. Utilize relevant R functions and packages (e.g., dplyr, ggplot2) to showcase each analysis step. Provide code examples to elucidate the process.
Prepare textual data for analysis in Python through tokenization, stop word removal, and TF-IDF vectorization. Utilize Python libraries such as NLTK and Scikit-Learn to implement each step. Provide comprehensive code examples to illustrate the text preprocessing process.
Conduct exploratory data analysis (EDA) in R by producing summary statistics, crafting informative visualizations, and identifying significant patterns within the dataset. Utilize R packages and functions (e.g., dplyr, ggplot2) to execute each EDA step. Offer detailed code examples for clarity.
Clean and preprocess time series data in Python, incorporating techniques such as resampling, missing value imputation, and trend visualization. Leverage Python libraries like Pandas for data manipulation and Matplotlib for visualization. Provide comprehensive code examples to elucidate the entire process.
Perform inferential statistical analysis on a dataset in R, including hypothesis testing, computation of confidence intervals, and interpretation of results. Employ relevant R functions and methods (e.g., t.test, confint) to showcase the inferential analysis process. Provide detailed code examples for clarity.
Create a responsive web page using HTML and CSS that showcases a navigation menu and a hero section. The web page layout should adapt seamlessly to varying screen sizes, providing an optimal user experience. Utilize HTML and CSS styles effectively, and provide code examples to illustrate the responsive design process.
Incorporate user authentication into a web application developed with Flask. Enable users to register, log in, and log out securely. Leverage Flask functions and extensions to implement robust authentication functionality. Present comprehensive code examples to clarify the process of user authentication.
Develop an interactive web page using JavaScript that retrieves data from an API through asynchronous requests and dynamically updates the content. Leverage the JavaScript fetch API to facilitate data retrieval and presentation. Provide code examples to elucidate the process of making asynchronous requests and rendering data.
Construct a blog website utilizing a front-end framework such as React or Vue.js. Create multiple blog post components, each featuring images, titles, and content. Showcase the capabilities of the chosen framework and provide detailed code examples to demonstrate the creation of the blog posts.
Create a RESTful API using Express.js (Node.js) that enables users to perform CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations on a specified resource (e.g., tasks, notes). Implement routing and handle API requests effectively using Express.js. Provide comprehensive code examples to clarify the process of building the API endpoints.
Craft an e-commerce checkout process using a back-end framework such as Django or Ruby on Rails. Implement functionalities including adding products to a cart, calculating total costs, and processing orders. Utilize the capabilities of the chosen framework and provide code examples to illustrate the checkout process.
Develop a web form employing JavaScript and regular expressions to validate user inputs, such as email addresses, phone numbers, and passwords. Implement regular expressions to enforce specific criteria for each input type. Provide detailed code examples to demonstrate the validation process and its application to various input fields.
Build a real-time chat application using WebSockets and a front-end framework like Angular or Svelte. Enable users to exchange messages in real-time, leveraging the capabilities of WebSockets technology. Employ the chosen front-end framework and provide code examples to elucidate the process of creating a real-time chat interface.
Develop a robust user authentication system utilizing the Flask framework. Implement user registration, login, and token-based security using JSON Web Tokens (JWT). Provide comprehensive code examples showcasing the integration of Flask-Security and JWT libraries.
Design a scalable RESTful API using Express.js, enabling efficient management of tasks. Incorporate all CRUD operations for tasks through well-defined API endpoints. Supply code examples that clearly demonstrate route handling, request validation, and error handling mechanisms.
Perform thorough data preprocessing in Python employing the Pandas library. Address missing values, handle categorical variables via one-hot encoding, and standardize numerical features. Exemplify each step with meticulously crafted code snippets showcasing Pandas' DataFrame manipulation capabilities.
Create an interactive real-time chat application leveraging WebSockets in conjunction with Angular. Implement two-way communication for instant messaging and dynamic content updates. Present a detailed walkthrough with code snippets demonstrating the WebSocket integration and Angular component synchronization.
Architect an engaging blog website utilizing the React framework. Construct a modular structure for multiple blog posts, integrating images, titles, and content. Deploy JSX syntax and React components to elegantly render the blog posts. Provide meticulously annotated code examples for each post rendering process.
Deploy a trained machine learning model through Flask, enabling users to submit data and receive predictions. Integrate CORS headers to facilitate cross-origin requests. Present a comprehensive guide with code snippets that depict model loading, API routing, and result transmission.
Develop a dynamic web page utilizing JavaScript to fetch real-time weather data from a RESTful API. Employ the Fetch API to ensure asynchronous data retrieval and responsive content updates. Offer a step-by-step walkthrough accompanied by syntactically coherent JavaScript code samples to clarify the process.
Craft a Java application that seamlessly interacts with a MySQL database using the JDBC driver. Implement comprehensive CRUD operations on a "products" table, including insertion, updates, deletions, and retrievals. Elaborate each database interaction with meticulously annotated Java code snippets.
Engineer a sophisticated e-commerce checkout process utilizing Django. Allow users to browse products, add items to a cart, calculate totals, and complete orders. Showcase the seamless integration of Django's ORM, views, and forms with methodically annotated code examples.
Conduct an in-depth statistical analysis of a dataset using R. Employ hypothesis testing and visualization techniques to explore data patterns and relationships. Leverage R's dplyr and ggplot2 packages to execute analysis steps with precision. Provide well-commented R code snippets exemplifying analysis methods.
Optimize a complex SQL query to improve its performance. Use indexing, rewriting, or other techniques to enhance query execution speed. Provide a step-by-step explanation of the optimization process with annotated SQL code snippets.
Implement robust error handling in a backend API built with Express.js. Create error middleware for graceful error responses. Explain how to handle various error scenarios, such as invalid routes and server errors, with detailed code examples.
Denoise a noisy signal using the Wavelet Transform in Python. Apply appropriate wavelet functions and thresholds for noise reduction. Walk through the denoising process with comprehensive code examples showcasing the wavelet transform and thresholding steps.
Construct a recurrent neural network (RNN) using TensorFlow or PyTorch for sequence-to-sequence prediction. Define network architecture, initialize weights, and implement backpropagation. Explain the process in detail with well-structured code examples.
mplement multithreading in a Python backend application using the threading module. Demonstrate how to create and manage multiple threads, emphasizing concurrent execution. Present detailed code examples illustrating thread creation, synchronization, and handling.
Apply image filtering using 2D convolution in Python. Implement commonly used filters such as Gaussian and Sobel filters. Describe the convolution process step by step, providing Python code examples for each filter application.
Normalize a relational database schema to 3NF (Third Normal Form). Explain the normalization process, identify functional dependencies, and showcase the normalized schema. Offer comprehensive SQL code examples to clarify normalization steps.
Integrate JSON Web Tokens (JWT) for authentication in a Node.js REST API built with Express. Implement user registration, login, and secure token-based authorization. Provide detailed code examples demonstrating JWT integration and user authentication.
Develop a deep learning model using Keras or PyTorch to recognize emotions from speech. Train the model on an appropriate dataset and demonstrate its performance evaluation. Share the architecture, training process, and results with well-documented code examples.
Tune the performance of a slow SQL query using indexing, query optimization, and database configuration adjustments. Describe each optimization technique and provide a step-by-step guide with SQL code examples illustrating their implementation.
Utilize Apache Spark for big data processing. Develop a Spark job that reads and analyzes a massive dataset, demonstrating transformations and aggregations. Present comprehensive code examples highlighting Spark RDD and DataFrame operations.
Design a modular and scalable software architecture using microservices and RESTful APIs. Detail the interactions between components, their responsibilities, and communication patterns. Provide diagrams and code snippets to illustrate architectural decisions.
Engineer meaningful features for a predictive model. Apply domain knowledge to select, create, and transform features from raw data. Present a step-by-step guide with Python code examples showcasing feature extraction techniques.
Establish an efficient Git version control workflow. Implement branching strategies, pull request guidelines, and code review practices. Provide a concise guide with clear code examples that elucidate the branching model and pull request process.
Deploy a scalable web application using AWS or Azure. Configure auto-scaling, load balancing, and high availability. Document the deployment process with detailed code examples illustrating the use of cloud services and infrastructure-as-code tools.
Analyze and visualize a dataset using Python and Pandas. Derive insights, generate plots, and communicate findings. Provide a clear walkthrough with code examples showcasing Pandas data manipulation and Matplotlib visualization.
Implement automated testing for a software project using testing frameworks. Cover unit, integration, and end-to-end testing. Offer a comprehensive guide with code snippets showing test creation and execution across different layers.
Preprocess data for a machine learning model. Handle missing values, encode categorical variables, and normalize numerical features. Provide a step-by-step guide with Python code examples showcasing Pandas and Scikit-Learn.
Implement a DevOps CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins. Automate build, testing, and deployment stages. Detail the workflow with code snippets illustrating Jenkins pipeline configuration and integration with version control systems.
Create a text classification model using NLP techniques in Python. Tokenize, preprocess, and vectorize text data. Implement machine learning algorithms and evaluate model performance. Share a step-by-step guide with code examples showcasing NLP libraries like NLTK and Scikit-Learn.
Implement neural style transfer using deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch. Transform images by applying the artistic style of one image onto the content of another. Provide clear code examples showcasing model architecture and style transfer technique.
Optimize database performance by designing effective indexes and refining query execution plans. Describe different types of indexing strategies and their impact on query efficiency. Present code examples with SQL queries illustrating the importance of indexing and query tuning.
Implement reinforcement learning algorithms to train an AI agent to play a game using OpenAI Gym or RLlib. Describe how agents learn from interactions and provide code examples illustrating the interaction loop, reward functions, and learning algorithms.
Develop a real-time analytics dashboard using Kafka for data streaming and Flask for backend integration. Display dynamic visualizations of data insights. Explain the data pipeline and provide code examples for Kafka message consumption and Flask integration.
Perform semantic segmentation using deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch. Segment images into different classes to highlight object boundaries. Present code examples that detail model architecture and image segmentation steps.
Develop a GraphQL API using Apollo Server for efficient and flexible data retrieval. Implement queries, mutations, and subscriptions. Provide code examples showcasing the GraphQL schema, resolver functions, and subscription setup.
Detect anomalies in time series data using statistical techniques or machine learning algorithms. Discuss common methods like z-score and isolation forests. Share code examples illustrating the anomaly detection process with Python libraries like Pandas and Scikit-Learn.
Implement parallel computing using OpenMP and MPI to accelerate computation tasks. Explain parallelization techniques and shared-memory versus distributed-memory paradigms. Offer code examples demonstrating parallelized loops and message passing.
Utilize Bayesian optimization techniques to optimize hyperparameters for machine learning models. Describe the optimization process, acquisition functions, and exploration-exploitation trade-offs. Include Python code examples demonstrating Bayesian optimization with libraries like Scikit-Optimize.
Deploy a cloud-native microservices application using Kubernetes. Detail containerization, service orchestration, and scaling. Provide a comprehensive guide with code examples illustrating the Kubernetes deployment configurations and service scaling techniques.
Develop graph neural networks (GNNs) for node classification tasks using libraries like DGL or PyTorch Geometric. Explain GNN architecture and how they process graph data. Provide code examples showcasing GNN layers and training loop.
Containerize a web application using Docker and deploy it on a cloud platform like AWS or Google Cloud. Showcase containerization benefits and deployment automation. Include code examples that depict Dockerfile creation and container deployment setup.
Build a time series forecasting model using Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks in TensorFlow or PyTorch. Describe the architecture, data preparation, and training process. Provide well-documented code examples showcasing LSTM layers and sequence data handling.
Design a serverless application using AWS Lambda and API Gateway. Explain the architecture, function triggers, and deployment process. Offer comprehensive code examples that demonstrate Lambda function creation and integration with API Gateway.
Implement a reinforcement learning agent using OpenAI Gym and RLlib. Describe the environment, policy optimization, and exploration strategies. Provide detailed code examples that illustrate the agent's interaction loop and RLlib integration.
Process large-scale data using Apache Kafka and Spark. Describe data ingestion, stream processing, and batch analytics. Offer well-documented code examples that highlight Kafka message consumption and Spark transformations.
Develop a natural language understanding model using transformer-based architectures like BERT or GPT. Explain pretraining, fine-tuning, and sequence classification. Share code examples showcasing transformer model setup and training procedure.
Extract data from websites using Beautiful Soup in Python. Specify HTML parsing, tag navigation, and data extraction. Provide clear code examples that demonstrate Beautiful Soup usage to extract specific information from web pages.
Analyze network packets using Wireshark for network troubleshooting. Describe packet capture, filtering, and analysis. Include detailed instructions with screenshots and explanations of using Wireshark tools to identify network issues.
Implement parallel computing using CUDA and GPU acceleration. Discuss GPU architecture, parallelism, and memory hierarchy. Present well-documented code examples showcasing CUDA kernel creation and GPU memory management.
Optimize a financial portfolio using QuantLib in Python. Describe the mathematical modeling, constraints, and optimization algorithms. Provide well-commented code examples showcasing portfolio setup and optimization using QuantLib functions.
Create a neural machine translation model using seq2seq architectures in TensorFlow or PyTorch. Explain encoder-decoder mechanisms, attention, and training dynamics. Present code examples demonstrating seq2seq model implementation and training.
Implement hashing algorithms like SHA-256 in Python. Explain cryptographic hashing, salting, and hash functions. Provide well-commented code examples showcasing how to hash data using different algorithms.
Set up automated testing and CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins. Describe unit, integration, and acceptance testing. Offer comprehensive instructions with code examples demonstrating test configuration and pipeline setup.
Use regular expressions to extract patterns from text using Python's re module. Describe regex syntax, pattern matching, and group extraction. Provide code examples that demonstrate the use of regular expressions for different text manipulation tasks.
Explain memory management and garbage collection in languages like Java or Python. Discuss memory allocation, references, and automatic memory cleanup. Provide code examples and diagrams illustrating memory management concepts.
Solve optimization problems using dynamic programming techniques. Describe the concept of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure. Share code examples that illustrate dynamic programming solutions for problems like the knapsack or Fibonacci sequence.
Perform unit testing using mocking frameworks like unittest and MagicMock in Python. Explain mocking concepts, test doubles, and isolation. Provide code examples showcasing the creation of mock objects and their usage in unit tests.
Automate web scraping tasks using Selenium in Python. Detail web browser automation, element interaction, and page navigation. Provide code examples that demonstrate how to navigate websites and interact with elements using Selenium.
Implement bit manipulation and logical operations in C or C++. Explain bitwise operations, binary representation, and logical operators. Provide code examples that showcase bit manipulation techniques for tasks like setting, clearing, and toggling bits.
Develop a command-line interface tool using libraries like argparse in Python. Describe argument parsing, command structure, and subcommands. Share well-commented code examples that demonstrate how to create a CLI application with proper argument handling.
Design software systems using object-oriented design patterns like Singleton, Factory, or Observer. Explain the purpose and implementation of each pattern. Offer code examples that showcase how to implement these patterns in code for various use cases.
Develop a natural language understanding model using transformer-based architectures like BERT or GPT. Explain pretraining, fine-tuning, and sequence classification. Share code examples showcasing transformer model setup and training procedure.
Use deep learning frameworks to create graph neural networks for classifying nodes. Explain GNN architectures, data preprocessing, and model evaluation. Provide code examples that illustrate GNN layers and the overall training process.
Implement reinforcement learning algorithms using OpenAI Gym and RLlib. Describe the environment, policy optimization, and exploration strategies. Provide code examples illustrating the agent's interaction loop and RLlib integration.
Develop a serverless application using AWS Lambda and API Gateway. Explain the architecture, function triggers, and deployment process. Offer comprehensive code examples that demonstrate Lambda function creation and integration with API Gateway.
Design software systems using object-oriented design patterns like Singleton, Factory, or Observer. Explain the purpose and implementation of each pattern. Offer code examples that showcase how to implement these patterns in code for various use cases.
Implement neural style transfer using deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch. Transform images by applying the artistic style of one image onto the content of another. Provide clear code examples showcasing model architecture and style transfer technique.
Optimize database performance by designing effective indexes and refining query execution plans. Describe different types of indexing strategies and their impact on query efficiency. Present code examples with SQL queries illustrating the importance of indexing and query tuning.
Solve optimization problems using dynamic programming techniques. Describe the concept of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure. Share code examples that illustrate dynamic programming solutions for problems like the knapsack or Fibonacci sequence.
Create a neural machine translation model using seq2seq architectures in TensorFlow or PyTorch. Explain encoder-decoder mechanisms, attention, and training dynamics. Present code examples demonstrating seq2seq model implementation and training.
Apply ant colony optimization to solve the traveling salesman problem. Describe pheromone updates, exploration-exploitation balance, and convergence criteria. Provide code examples showcasing the implementation of ant colony optimization for TSP.
Utilize particle swarm optimization to find optimal solutions for mathematical functions. Explain particle movement, local/global bests, and convergence conditions. Offer code examples that demonstrate the implementation of particle swarm optimization to optimize functions.
Employ genetic algorithms to select optimal features for machine learning models. Describe population initialization, crossover, mutation, and fitness evaluation. Provide code examples illustrating how genetic algorithms can be used for feature selection tasks
Optimize continuous functions using the firefly algorithm. Explain firefly movement, attractiveness, and light intensity. Share code examples showcasing how the firefly algorithm can be implemented for optimizing functions with Python.
Implement bee colony algorithm for clustering data. Describe scout bees, employed bees, onlooker bees, and the recruitment process. Provide code examples demonstrating the application of bee colony algorithm to cluster data using Python.
Utilize the grey wolf optimizer to optimize mathematical functions. Explain the hierarchy of alpha, beta, delta, and random wolves. Offer code examples illustrating how the grey wolf optimizer can be used to optimize functions using Python.
Apply the cuckoo search algorithm to optimize functions. Describe the egg-laying process, random walks, and host finding. Share code examples showcasing how the cuckoo search algorithm can be used to optimize functions with Python.
Optimize continuous functions using the bat algorithm. Explain bat echolocation, pulse emission, and loudness. Provide code examples illustrating how the bat algorithm can be implemented for optimizing functions using Python.
Utilize the artificial bee colony algorithm to optimize mathematical functions. Describe onlooker bees, employed bees, scout bees, and the dance communication. Offer code examples demonstrating how the artificial bee colony algorithm can be implemented for optimizing functions with Python.
Optimize functions using the whale optimization algorithm. Explain the movement of alpha, beta, and delta whales. Provide code examples showcasing how the whale optimization algorithm can be used to optimize functions with Python.
Implement gRPC server-client communication in Python. Explain protocol buffers, service definitions, and bi-directional streaming. Provide well-commented code examples showcasing the implementation of gRPC communication using Python.
Handle errors and use status codes effectively in gRPC applications. Explain different status codes, error propagation, and best practices for handling errors. Offer code examples that demonstrate how to handle errors and use status codes properly in gRPC services.
Implement authentication and secure communication in gRPC services. Describe SSL/TLS, certificate-based authentication, and token-based authentication. Provide code examples showcasing how to enforce secure communication and authentication in gRPC using Python.
Configure load balancing and service discovery in gRPC applications. Explain client-side and server-side load balancing, and how to discover services dynamically. Offer code examples demonstrating how to achieve load balancing and service discovery in gRPC using Python.
Implement interceptors as middleware in gRPC applications. Explain how interceptors work, request/response modification, and logging. Provide code examples showcasing the implementation of interceptors to add middleware functionality in gRPC using Python.
Handle deadlines and timeouts effectively in gRPC applications. Explain how deadlines work, timeout handling, and best practices for managing timeouts. Offer code examples that demonstrate how to set and manage deadlines in gRPC services using Python.
Implement unary and streaming RPCs using gRPC in Python. Explain the differences between unary and streaming RPCs, and showcase their use cases. Provide code examples demonstrating how to implement both types of RPCs using gRPC in Python.
Apply data compression techniques for efficient data transfer in gRPC services. Explain how compression works, available compression algorithms, and their benefits. Provide code examples that demonstrate how to enable and use data compression in gRPC communication using Python.
Use custom metadata and handle context in gRPC applications. Explain how to add metadata to gRPC requests and responses, and how to manage context in gRPC methods. Offer code examples that demonstrate how to utilize custom metadata and handle context in gRPC services using Python.
Utilize protocol buffers for efficient data serialization in gRPC applications. Explain how protocol buffers work, data modeling, and cross-language compatibility. Provide code examples showcasing how to define and use protocol buffers in gRPC communication using Python.
Implement file system navigation and manipulation using Python's os module. Explain directory traversal, file operations, and path handling. Provide code examples showcasing how to navigate, create, and modify files and directories using the os module.
Implement process management and synchronization techniques in C programming. Explain process creation, inter-process communication, and synchronization primitives. Provide code examples showcasing how to create processes, communicate between them, and synchronize their execution using C.
"Implement a Python program that takes the lengths of the sides of a triangle as inputs and calculates its area using Heron's formula"
"Design and develop a mobile app for iOS and Android that allows users to track and monitor their daily fitness activities,  including steps taken,  calories burned,  and distance covered."
"Create a Java program that simulates a blackjack game,  incorporating features such as multiple players,  a deck of cards, and rules for betting and scoring."
"Develop a data analysis script in Python that reads a CSV file containing a large dataset,  performs statistical analysis,  generates visualizations,  and extracts meaningful insights"
"Build an AI-powered chatbot using Python,  TensorFlow,  and natural language processing techniques to understand and respond to user queries in a conversational manner"
"Design and implement a C++ program that generates visually stunning fractal images using recursive algorithms,  allowing users to customize parameters such as colors and iterations."
"Develop a secure encryption and decryption program in Java that utilizes industry-standard cryptographic algorithms,  ensuring the confidentiality and integrity of sensitive data."
"Build a versatile web scraping application using Python and libraries such as BeautifulSoup and Selenium to extract structured data from various websites,  including handling dynamic content and pagination"
"Develop a machine learning model using Python,  scikit-learn,  and historical stock market data to predict future trends and fluctuations,  evaluating different algorithms and performance metrics."
"Implement an optimization solver in MATLAB that solves a complex mathematical problem involving linear programming,  constraints,  and objective functions, considering various optimization algorithms and sensitivity analysis."
Create a plan for my programming education and suggest sources where I can read about this topic.
Provide me with directions in programming and the most in-demand programming languages that correspond to each direction.
Provide me the structure of writing functions in python language, as well as an example of a function.
Provide me the most popular C++ libraries and their purpose
Give me the structure of writing and use cases for recursion in python, as well as give me a practical example of recursion.
What are some techniques for handling errors and exceptions in c++ language?
What are some effective tools and strategies for team-based coding collaboration?
What are the key principles and techniques for developing responsive websites?
Provide guidance on PHP syntax and working with server-side scripting?
Recommend powerful libraries for creating visually appealing data visualizations?
Recommend reliable resources for learning version control with Git?
Implementation the Dijkstra's algorithm in the python programming language?
Implement a simple proto file, and the command to execute it in python for server and client.
What is the recommended process for installing and managing Python packages?
Implement bucket sort algorithm in python.
Implement an inbuilt python sorting algorithm.
Write the code in python to connect to the postgres database server.
Write a simple example of oop in python
Write a few simple examples of sql queries to retrieve data
Which programming language is recommended for web development?
What are the methods and techniques for reading from and writing to files in Python?
Can you recommend useful software and IDEs for different programming tasks?
What are the essential steps and technologies involved in creating a website?
What are some effective strategies for accelerating learning and improving coding skills?
What are some effective resources and learning strategies for beginner coders?
What are the fundamental concepts and syntax of Python programming?
Can you provide a beginner's guide to using version control systems like Git?
Can you provide an overview of algorithms and their role in problem-solving?
Can you provide guidance on developing a mobile application for a specific platform?
Can you explain the concept of APIs and their usage in software development?
Can you provide assistance in troubleshooting a specific issue in my code?
Can you provide guidance on effective learning strategies and resources for coding?
What are the necessary skills, education, and steps to pursue a career in software engineering?
Which programming language is recommended for AI development and why?
Can you describe how multithreading works and its advantages in concurrent programming?
What are some approaches and best practices for implementing user authentication in web applications?
Can you provide an example of code for creating a basic website?
Can you share a code snippet that identifies prime numbers within a given range?
How can I convert a string variable to an integer using Python code?
Can you show me an example of implementing a stack data structure using Java code?
Can you share a code snippet that reverses a given string using Python?
How can I sort an array of numbers in ascending order using C++ code?
Can you provide a code snippet that validates the format of an email address using JavaScript?
Can you share a code snippet that calculates the area of a circle based on its radius?
How can I establish a connection to a MySQL database using PHP code?
Can you provide a code snippet that finds the maximum value in an array using Java?
How can I determine whether a given string is a valid URL using code?
Can you provide a code snippet that sorts an array of numbers in descending order using Java?
Can you provide a code snippet that checks whether a given list is empty using Python?
Can you provide an example of implementing a stack data structure using C++ code?
Can you provide a code snippet that generates a random number using JavaScript?
Can you provide a code snippet that calculates the factorial of a given number using Python?
Can you show me a code snippet that determines whether a given string is a palindrome using Python?
How can I delete data from a MySQL database using PHP code?
Can you show me a code snippet that reverses the order of a linked list using Java?
How can I validate the format of a phone number using JavaScript code?
How can I calculate the sum of digits in a given number using Python code?
Can you show me an example of implementing a queue data structure using a linked list in Python code?
How can I generate the Fibonacci sequence up to a certain number using Python code?
How can I sort a given array of numbers in descending order using JavaScript code?
Can you show me a code snippet that determines whether a given number is prime using Python?
How can I determine whether a given string contains a specific substring using PHP code?
How can I find the Greatest Common Divisor of two numbers using Python code?
How can I validate the format of a username using Python code?
Can you provide a code snippet that calculates the square root of a given number using C++?
Can you provide a code snippet that calculates the average of a given list of numbers?
How can I reverse a given string using C code?
Can you provide a code snippet that finds the smallest element in a given array using Python?
How can I calculate the sum of even numbers in a given array using C++ code?
Can you provide a code snippet that converts a given string to lowercase using JavaScript?
Implement text classification using NLP techniques in Python. Explain tokenization, feature extraction, and model training. Provide code examples showcasing the process of preprocessing text data and training classification models.
Perform image segmentation using deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch. Explain semantic segmentation, architecture choices, and training strategies. Provide code examples demonstrating how to implement image segmentation models and evaluate their performance.
Create a recommender system using collaborative filtering techniques. Explain user-item interactions, matrix factorization, and recommendation generation. Provide code examples illustrating how to build and evaluate a recommender system in Python.
Utilize genetic algorithms to solve optimization problems. Explain selection, crossover, mutation, and fitness evaluation. Provide code examples showcasing the implementation of genetic algorithms to optimize functions or parameters in Python.
Perform PCA for dimensionality reduction in data. Explain eigenvalues, eigenvectors, and variance preservation. Provide code examples illustrating how to apply PCA to reduce the dimensions of datasets using Python.
Create artistic images using neural style transfer in deep learning frameworks. Explain content and style loss, layer representations, and optimization process. Provide code examples demonstrating how to apply neural style transfer to images in Python.
Develop time series forecasting models using LSTM networks. Explain sequence modeling, memory cells, and backpropagation through time. Provide code examples showcasing how to build LSTM-based forecasting models and make predictions in Python.
Perform parallel computing using OpenMP and MPI for speedup. Explain thread and process parallelism, data sharing, and synchronization. Provide code examples illustrating how to utilize OpenMP and MPI to execute tasks concurrently in C or C++.
Create neural machine translation models using seq2seq architectures. Explain encoder-decoder mechanisms, attention, and training dynamics. Provide code examples showcasing how to build and train seq2seq models for language translation in Python.
Implement CNNs for image classification using deep learning frameworks. Explain convolution, pooling, and architecture design. Provide code examples illustrating how to build CNN-based classifiers and train them on image datasets in Python.
Build RESTful APIs using the Spring Boot framework in Java. Explain controller mapping, request handling, and serialization. Provide code examples illustrating how to create endpoints and handle HTTP requests and responses.
Implement graph algorithms using Java. Explain graph representation, traversal, and shortest path algorithms. Provide code examples showcasing how to implement graph algorithms such as DFS, BFS, and Dijkstra's algorithm.
Create interactive GUI applications using JavaFX. Explain scene graph, event handling, and UI components. Provide code examples illustrating how to design user interfaces, handle events, and create responsive GUI applications in Java.
Implement multithreading and manage concurrency in Java programs. Explain thread creation, synchronization, and thread safety. Provide code examples showcasing how to create and manage threads and handle concurrent tasks in Java.
Utilize design patterns for software development in Java. Explain creational, structural, and behavioral patterns. Provide code examples illustrating how to implement design patterns like Singleton, Factory, and Observer in Java programs.
Perform data manipulation using Java Stream API. Explain functional programming, intermediate and terminal operations, and parallel processing. Provide code examples showcasing how to filter, transform, and aggregate data using Java Streams.
Establish database connections and perform CRUD operations using JDBC in Java. Explain connection setup, SQL queries, and result handling. Provide code examples illustrating how to connect to databases, perform queries, and manage data using JDBC in Java.
Utilize Java reflection and annotations for dynamic programming. Explain introspection, class manipulation, and annotation usage. Provide code examples showcasing how to inspect classes, modify behavior, and use annotations in Java programs.
Handle errors and exceptions effectively in Java programs. Explain try-catch blocks, exception hierarchy, and best practices. Provide code examples illustrating how to handle different types of exceptions and manage errors gracefully in Java.
Perform file input/output and serialization operations in Java. Explain reading/writing files, object serialization, and data storage. Provide code examples showcasing how to read/write files, serialize/deserialize objects, and manage data storage in Java.
Perform data manipulation and create visualizations using R. Explain data wrangling, ggplot2, and data exploration. Provide code examples showcasing how to manipulate data, create plots, and gain insights using R.
Conduct statistical analysis and hypothesis testing using R. Explain descriptive statistics, t-tests, and p-values. Provide code examples illustrating how to perform statistical tests and analyze data using R.
Develop time series forecasting models using ARIMA models in R. Explain time series decomposition, model fitting, and forecasting. Provide code examples showcasing how to analyze time series data, fit ARIMA models, and make predictions using R.
Perform data cleaning and preprocessing tasks using R. Explain missing value imputation, data transformation, and outlier handling. Provide code examples illustrating how to clean and prepare data for analysis using R.
Implement machine learning models using the caret package in R. Explain model selection, cross-validation, and hyperparameter tuning. Provide code examples showcasing how to build predictive models and assess their performance using R.
Perform text mining and sentiment analysis using R. Explain text preprocessing, feature extraction, and sentiment scoring. Provide code examples illustrating how to analyze and gain insights from text data using R.
Scrape data from websites using the rvest package in R. Explain HTML structure, CSS selectors, and web page extraction. Provide code examples showcasing how to extract data from web pages and transform it into usable formats using R.
Create interactive web applications for data visualization using Shiny in R. Explain reactive programming, user inputs, and dynamic visuals. Provide code examples illustrating how to build interactive dashboards and deploy them using R.
Perform spatial data analysis and create maps using the sf package in R. Explain spatial data structures, geometric operations, and map visualization. Provide code examples showcasing how to analyze and visualize spatial data using R.
Conduct survival analysis using the survival package in R. Explain survival curves, hazard functions, and censoring. Provide code examples illustrating how to analyze survival data and perform survival regression using R.
Develop a dynamic website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Explain HTML structure, CSS styling, and client-side scripting. Provide code examples illustrating how to create interactive web pages with dynamic content.
Implement server-side scripting using PHP. Explain PHP syntax, variable handling, and form processing. Provide code examples showcasing how to create dynamic web pages and handle user input using PHP.
Perform data storage and retrieval using MySQL and PHP. Explain database design, SQL queries, and CRUD operations. Provide code examples illustrating how to connect to databases, perform queries, and manage data using MySQL and PHP.
Implement user authentication and manage sessions using PHP. Explain user registration, login/logout, and session handling. Provide code examples showcasing how to create secure login systems and manage user sessions using PHP.
Create responsive web designs using CSS frameworks like Bootstrap. Explain responsive layout, grid systems, and component styling. Provide code examples illustrating how to build mobile-friendly web pages using CSS frameworks.
Develop RESTful APIs using Node.js and Express framework. Explain routing, middleware, and request/response handling. Provide code examples showcasing how to create API endpoints and handle HTTP requests using Node.js and Express.
Build real-time web applications using Socket.io in Node.js. Explain real-time communication, event-driven programming, and bidirectional messaging. Provide code examples illustrating how to create chat applications and live updates using Socket.io.
Develop single page applications using React and Redux. Explain component-based architecture, state management, and data flow. Provide code examples showcasing how to build interactive SPAs with React components and manage state using Redux.
Create serverless web applications using AWS Lambda and API Gateway. Explain serverless architecture, function deployment, and API setup. Provide code examples illustrating how to build and deploy serverless web services using AWS Lambda.
Implement secure authentication using OAuth or OpenID Connect. Explain authentication protocols, token-based authentication, and third-party login. Provide code examples showcasing how to integrate OAuth or OpenID Connect for secure user authentication.
Build RESTful APIs using Django framework in Python. Explain URL routing, view functions, and serialization. Provide code examples illustrating how to create API endpoints and handle HTTP requests using Django.
Deploy machine learning models using Flask framework in Python. Explain API routes, model integration, and prediction handling. Provide code examples showcasing how to expose machine learning models as web services using Flask.
Manage databases and perform ORM with Hibernate in Java. Explain object-relational mapping, entity relationships, and data persistence. Provide code examples illustrating how to connect to databases, perform CRUD operations, and map objects using Hibernate.
Implement automated testing using JUnit framework in Java. Explain test suites, assertions, and test-driven development. Provide code examples showcasing how to write unit tests and ensure code correctness using JUnit.
Develop full-stack web applications using the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express, React, Node.js). Explain frontend-backend communication, data storage, and routing. Provide code examples illustrating how to create and integrate different parts of a MERN application.
Create GraphQL APIs using Apollo Server in Node.js. Explain type schemas, resolvers, and query/mutation execution. Provide code examples showcasing how to define GraphQL schemas, create resolvers, and query data using Apollo Server.
Build real-time chat applications using Firebase in JavaScript. Explain real-time databases, authentication, and messaging. Provide code examples illustrating how to create chat rooms, send messages, and handle real-time updates using Firebase.
Implement secure API development with OAuth 2.0. Explain authorization flows, access tokens, and scopes. Provide code examples showcasing how to secure API endpoints and handle user authentication using OAuth 2.0.
Develop mobile apps using React Native framework. Explain component-based UI, navigation, and cross-platform development. Provide code examples showcasing how to create mobile app screens and handle interactions using React Native.
Create progressive web apps (PWAs) using PWA Studio in Magento. Explain offline access, service workers, and web app manifest. Provide code examples illustrating how to build web apps that can be installed on devices and provide an app-like experience.
Implement web accessibility using ARIA (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) in HTML. Explain accessible design, semantic roles, and assistive technologies. Provide code examples showcasing how to make web content more accessible for people with disabilities.
Create data visualizations using D3.js library in JavaScript. Explain SVG elements, data binding, and interactive charts. Provide code examples showcasing how to create dynamic and visually appealing data visualizations using D3.js.
Implement DevOps practices using Docker and Kubernetes. Explain containerization, deployment, and orchestration. Provide code examples showcasing how to package applications in containers and manage them using Kubernetes.
Process big data using Apache Spark in Scala. Explain data transformation, RDDs (Resilient Distributed Datasets), and distributed computing. Provide code examples illustrating how to perform data manipulations and analysis on large datasets using Spark in Scala.
Conduct frontend testing using Cypress framework in JavaScript. Explain end-to-end testing, UI interactions, and test automation. Provide code examples showcasing how to write and run tests to ensure frontend functionality using Cypress.
Explore reinforcement learning using OpenAI Gym library in Python. Explain environments, agents, and reward mechanisms. Provide code examples showcasing how to train and evaluate reinforcement learning agents using OpenAI Gym.
Develop cloud-native applications using Spring Boot framework. Explain microservices, containerization, and cloud deployment. Provide code examples showcasing how to build and deploy applications as independent microservices using Spring Boot.
Implement speech recognition using Mozilla DeepSpeech in Python. Explain acoustic modeling, language modeling, and audio processing. Provide code examples showcasing how to convert spoken language into text using Mozilla DeepSpeech.
Generate natural language using GPT-3.5 language model. Explain text generation, context understanding, and creative writing. Provide code examples showcasing how to utilize GPT-3.5 for automatic text generation and creative writing tasks.
Develop RESTful APIS using Flask framework in Python. Explain routing, middleware, and request/response handling. Provide code examples illustrating how to create API endpoints and handle HTTP requests using Flask.
Implement secure coding practices using OWASP guidelines. Explain input validation, cross-site scripting (XSS) prevention, and SQL injection avoidance. Provide code examples showcasing how to write code that's resistant to common web security vulnerabilities.
Dive into blockchain development using Ethereum and Solidity. Explain smart contracts, blockchain validation, and decentralized applications (dApps). Provide code examples showcasing how to write smart contracts and deploy them on the Ethereum network using Solidity.
Optimize solutions using genetic algorithms in Python. Explain population evolution, selection, and mutation. Provide code examples illustrating how to use genetic algorithms to find optimal solutions for complex problems.
Process audio signals using the Librosa library in Python. Explain spectral analysis, feature extraction, and audio visualization. Provide code examples showcasing how to analyze and manipulate audio data using Librosa.
Containerize applications using Docker Compose. Explain service definitions, network configurations, and multi-container applications. Provide code examples illustrating how to define and manage multi-container applications using Docker Compose.
Explore reactive programming using RxJava library in Java. Explain observable sequences, transformations, and asynchronous programming. Provide code examples showcasing how to handle and manipulate asynchronous events using RxJava.
Build machine learning pipelines using Scikit-Learn in Python. Explain data preprocessing, model training, and hyperparameter tuning. Provide code examples showcasing how to create end-to-end machine learning workflows using Scikit-Learn.
Implement natural language processing using NLTK (Natural Language Toolkit) in Python. Explain tokenization, part-of-speech tagging, and text analysis. Provide code examples showcasing how to process and analyze text data using NLTK.
Utilize various AWS services for cloud computing. Explain EC2 instances, S3 storage, and serverless computing. Provide code examples showcasing how to deploy applications, store data, and build serverless functions using AWS services.
Implement neural machine translation using transformer models. Explain encoder-decoder architecture, attention mechanisms, and tokenization. Provide code examples showcasing how to translate text between languages using transformer models.
Create real-time data streaming applications using Apache Kafka in Java. Explain topics, partitions, and data processing. Provide code examples illustrating how to produce and consume real-time data streams using Kafka.
Implement cryptography techniques for data security using Python. Explain encryption, decryption, and digital signatures. Provide code examples showcasing how to secure data using cryptographic algorithms in Python.
Perform object detection using OpenCV library in Python. Explain image processing, feature extraction, and bounding box detection. Provide code examples illustrating how to detect and locate objects in images using OpenCV.
Develop games using Unreal Engine and C++ programming language. Explain game assets, physics simulation, and gameplay scripting. Provide code examples showcasing how to create interactive game elements and implement game mechanics using Unreal Engine and C++.
Analyze financial data using Pandas library in Python. Explain data manipulation, aggregation, and time series analysis. Provide code examples illustrating how to clean, transform, and analyze financial datasets using Pandas.
Apply neural style transfer using TensorFlow in Python. Explain content and style representation, loss functions, and optimization. Provide code examples showcasing how to create artistic images by combining content and style using neural networks.
Automate web scraping tasks using Selenium library in Python. Explain web element interaction, page navigation, and form submission. Provide code examples showcasing how to extract data and interact with websites programmatically using Selenium.
Explore parallel computing using MPI (Message Passing Interface) in the C programming language. Explain process communication, data distribution, and parallel algorithms. Provide code examples showcasing how to create parallel programs and perform computations using MPI.
Establish IoT device communication using MQTT (Message Queuing Telemetry Transport) and Python. Explain topics, subscriptions, and message publishing. Provide code examples illustrating how to send and receive messages between IoT devices using MQTT and Python.
Implement gRPC communication between services using Python. Explain gRPC concepts, service definition, and RPC calls. Provide code examples showcasing how to create gRPC clients and servers for inter-service communication.
Deploy applications using Kubernetes for container orchestration. Explain pods, deployments, and service configurations. Provide code examples illustrating how to create and manage scalable applications using Kubernetes.
Analyze large datasets using PySpark library in Python. Explain RDDs, transformations, and actions. Provide code examples showcasing how to perform data manipulation and analysis on big data using PySpark.
Develop reactive web applications using Angular framework and RxJS library. Explain components, observables, and event-driven programming. Provide code examples illustrating how to create interactive user interfaces and handle asynchronous events using Angular and RxJS.
Deploy machine learning models using Flask framework in Python. Explain API endpoints, model integration, and input/output handling. Provide code examples showcasing how to create RESTful APIs for serving machine learning predictions using Flask.
Interact with databases using Hibernate framework in Java. Explain ORM (Object-Relational Mapping), entities, and querying. Provide code examples showcasing how to perform database operations and manage data using Hibernate.
Explore functional programming concepts using Scala programming language. Explain immutability, higher-order functions, and pattern matching. Provide code examples showcasing how to write functional code and utilize functional programming features in Scala.
Perform automated testing using JUnit framework in Java. Explain test cases, assertions, and test suites. Provide code examples illustrating how to write unit tests and test-driven development using JUnit.
Implement natural language understanding using SpaCy library in Python. Explain tokenization, parsing, and entity recognition. Provide code examples showcasing how to process and extract linguistic information from text using SpaCy.
Create serverless cloud functions using AWS Lambda. Explain function triggers, event sources, and serverless architecture. Provide code examples illustrating how to build and deploy serverless functions using AWS Lambda.
Implement gRPC communication between services using Python. Explain gRPC concepts, service definition, and RPC calls. Provide code examples showcasing how to create gRPC clients and servers for inter-service communication.
Deploy applications using Kubernetes for container orchestration. Explain pods, deployments, and service configurations. Provide code examples illustrating how to create and manage scalable applications using Kubernetes.
Analyze large datasets using PySpark library in Python. Explain RDDs, transformations, and actions. Provide code examples showcasing how to perform data manipulation and analysis on big data using PySpark.
Develop reactive web applications using Angular framework and RxJS library. Explain components, observables, and event-driven programming. Provide code examples illustrating how to create interactive user interfaces and handle asynchronous events using Angular and RxJS.
Deploy machine learning models using Flask framework in Python. Explain API endpoints, model integration, and input/output handling. Provide code examples showcasing how to create RESTful APIs for serving machine learning predictions using Flask.
Interact with databases using Hibernate framework in Java. Explain ORM (Object-Relational Mapping), entities, and querying. Provide code examples showcasing how to perform database operations and manage data using Hibernate.
Explore functional programming concepts using Scala programming language. Explain immutability, higher-order functions, and pattern matching. Provide code examples showcasing how to write functional code and utilize functional programming features in Scala.
Perform automated testing using JUnit framework in Java. Explain test cases, assertions, and test suites. Provide code examples illustrating how to write unit tests and test-driven development using JUnit.
Implement natural language understanding using SpaCy library in Python. Explain tokenization, parsing, and entity recognition. Provide code examples showcasing how to process and extract linguistic information from text using SpaCy.
Create serverless cloud functions using AWS Lambda. Explain function triggers, event sources, and serverless architecture. Provide code examples illustrating how to build and deploy serverless functions using AWS Lambda.
